Copyright
The	characters	and	events	in	this	book	are	fictitious.	Any	similarity	to	real	persons,	living
or	dead,	is	coincidental	and	not	intended	by	the	author.
Copyright	©	2018	by	Elin	Hilderbrand
Cover	design	by	Mario	J.	Pulice
Cover	photo-illustration	by	Debra	Lill
Author	photograph	by	Nina	Subin
Cover	©	2018	Hachette	Book	Group,	Inc.
Hachette	Book	Group	supports	the	right	to	free	expression	and	the	value	of	copyright.	The
purpose	of	copyright	is	to	encourage	writers	and	artists	to	produce	the	creative	works	that
enrich	our	culture.
The	scanning,	uploading,	and	distribution	of	this	book	without	permission	is	a	theft	of	the
author’s	intellectual	property.	If	you	would	like	permission	to	use	material	from	the	book
(other	than	for	review	purposes),	please	contact	permissions@hbgusa.com.	Thank	you	for
your	support	of	the	author’s	rights.
Little,	Brown	and	Company
Hachette	Book	Group
1290	Avenue	of	the	Americas,	New	York,	NY	10104
littlebrown.com
twitter.com/littlebrown
facebook.com/littlebrownandcompany
First	ebook	edition:	June	2018
Little,	Brown	and	Company	is	a	division	of	Hachette	Book	Group,	Inc.	The	Little,	Brown
name	and	logo	are	trademarks	of	Hachette	Book	Group,	Inc.
The	publisher	is	not	responsible	for	websites	(or	their	content)	that	are	not	owned	by	the
publisher.
The	Hachette	Speakers	Bureau	provides	a	wide	range	of	authors	for	speaking	events.	To
find	out	more,	go	to	www.hachettespeakersbureau.com	or	call	(866)	376-6591.
ISBN	978-0-316-37524-5
E3-20180502-JV-PC

Contents
Cover
Title	Page
Copyright
Dedication
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:53	a.m.
The	Chief
Friday,	July	6,	2018,	9:15	a.m.
Greer
Karen
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	6:45	a.m.
The	Chief
Saturday,	October	22,	2016
Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	7:00	a.m.
Friday,	May	18–Saturday,	May	19,	2018
Tag
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	8:30	a.m.
The	Chief
Friday,	July	6,	2018,	4:00	p.m.
Karen
Greer
Monday,	October	24,	2016
Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	9:30	a.m.
Nantucket
Friday,	July	6,	2018,	8:30	p.m.

Karen
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	10:20	a.m.
Wednesday,	May	30–Tuesday,	June	19,	2018
Tag
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:00	p.m.
Nantucket
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:30	p.m.
The	Chief
Thursday,	June	22–Friday,	June	23,	2017
Celeste
Friday,	July	6,	2018,	11:15	p.m.
Karen
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:45	p.m.
Nantucket
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	2:00	p.m.
The	Chief
Saturday,	August	12–Monday,	August	21,	2017
Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	1:12	p.m.
Nantucket
Karen
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	2:47	p.m.
The	Chief
August	2017
Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	3:30	p.m.
Greer
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	4:00	p.m.
Nantucket
Tag
Sunday,	June	10,	2018

Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:15	p.m.
Nantucket
Karen
Greer
Tuesday,	July	3–Friday,	July	6,	2018
Celeste
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:45	p.m.
The	Chief
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	6:55	p.m.
Nantucket
Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	8:00	p.m.
Greer
Sunday,	July	8,	2018,	2:47	a.m.
Nantucket
Acknowledgments
Discover	More	Elin	Hilderbrand
About	the	Author
Also	by	Elin	Hilderbrand

For	Chuck	and	Margie	Marino
There’s	no	such	thing	as	a	perfect	couple,	but	you	come	pretty	close.
Forever	love	xo

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:53	a.m.

THE	CHIEF

A	phone	call	before	six	on	a	Saturday	morning	is	never	a	good	thing,	although	it’s	not
unheard	 of	 on	 a	 holiday	 weekend.	 Too	 many	 times	 to	 count,	 Chief	 Ed	 Kapenash	 of	 the
Nantucket	Police	Department	has	seen	the	Fourth	of	July	go	sideways.	The	most	common
accident	is	a	person	blowing	off	a	finger	while	lighting	fireworks.	Sometimes	things	are
more	serious.	One	year,	they	lost	a	swimmer	to	the	riptide;	another	year,	a	man	drank	ten
shots	of	Patrón	Añejo	and	then	did	a	backflip	off	the	roof	of	the	Allserve	building	and	hit
the	 water	 in	 such	 a	 way	 that	 his	 neck	 snapped.	 There	 are	 generally	 enough	 drunk-anddisorderlies	to	fill	a	sightseeing	bus,	as	well	as	dozens	of	fistfights,	a	handful	of	which	are
so	serious	that	the	police	have	to	get	involved.
When	 the	 call	 comes	 in,	 Andrea	 and	 the	 kids	 are	 fast	 asleep.	 Chloe	 and	 Finn	 are
sixteen,	an	age	the	Chief	escaped	easily	with	his	own	children,	he	now	realizes.	Chloe	and
Finn—who	are	properly	the	children	of	Andrea’s	cousin	Tess	and	Tess’s	husband,	Greg,
who	 died	 in	 a	 boating	 accident	 nine	 years	 ago—are	 proving	 to	 be	 more	 of	 a	 challenge.
Finn	 has	 a	 girlfriend	 named	 Lola	 Budd,	 and	 their	 young	 love	 is	 turning	 the	 household
upside	down.	Finn’s	twin	sister,	Chloe,	has	a	summer	job	working	for	Siobhan	Crispin	at
Island	Fare,	Nantucket’s	busiest	catering	company.
The	 Chief	 and	 Andrea	 have	 divided	 their	 concerns	 about	 the	 twins	 neatly	 down	 the
middle.	 Andrea	 worries	 about	 Finn	 getting	 Lola	 Budd	 pregnant	 (though	 the	 Chief,
awkwardly,	presented	Finn	with	a	giant	box	of	condoms	and	a	rather	stern	directive:	Use
these.	Every	single	time).	The	Chief	worries	about	Chloe	getting	into	drugs	and	alcohol.
The	 Chief	 has	 seen	 again	 and	 again	 the	 way	 the	 food-and-beverage	 industry	 leads	 its
unsuspecting	 employees	 into	 temptation.	 The	 island	 of	 Nantucket	 has	 over	 a	 hundred
liquor	licenses;	other,	similar-size	towns	in	Massachusetts	have	an	average	of	twelve.	As	a
summertime	resort,	the	island	has	a	culture	of	celebration,	frivolity,	excess.	It’s	the	Chief’s
job	 to	 give	 the	 annual	 substance-abuse	 talk	 the	 week	 before	 the	 high-school	 prom;	 this
year,	both	Finn	and	Chloe	had	been	in	attendance,	and	afterward,	neither	of	them	would	so
much	as	look	at	him.
He	 often	 feels	 he’s	 too	 old	 for	 the	 enormous	 responsibility	 of	 raising	 teenagers.	 And
impressing	them	is	most	certainly	beyond	him.
The	 Chief	 takes	 his	 phone	 out	 onto	 the	 back	 deck,	 which	 looks	 west	 over	 protected
wetlands;	his	conversations	here	are	private,	overheard	only	by	the	redwing	blackbirds	and
the	field	mice.	The	house	has	a	great	view	of	sunsets	but	not,	unfortunately,	of	the	water.
The	call	is	from	Sergeant	Dickson,	one	of	the	best	in	the	department.
“Ed,”	he	says.	“We	have	a	floater.”

The	 Chief	 closes	 his	 eyes.	 Dickson	 had	 been	 the	 one	 to	 tell	 the	 Chief	 that	 Tess	 and
Greg	were	dead.	Sergeant	Dickson	has	no	problem	delivering	disturbing	news;	in	fact,	he
seems	to	relish	it.
“Go	ahead,”	the	Chief	says.
“Caucasian	female	by	the	name	of	Merritt	Monaco.	Twenty-nine	years	old,	from	New
York	City,	here	on	Nantucket	for	a	wedding.	She	was	found	floating	facedown	just	off	the
shore	in	front	of	three-three-three	Monomoy	Road,	where	the	wedding	is	being	held.	The
cause	of	death	appears	to	be	drowning.	Roger	Pelton	called	it	in.	You	know	Roger,	the	guy
who	does	the	expensive	weddings?”
“I	do,”	the	Chief	says.	The	Chief	is	in	Rotary	Club	with	Roger	Pelton.
“Roger	told	me	it’s	his	MO	to	check	on	each	wedding	site	first	thing	in	the	morning,”
Dickson	 says.	 “When	 he	 got	 here,	 he	 said	 he	 heard	 screaming.	 Turns	 out,	 the	 bride	 had
just	pulled	the	body	out	of	the	water.	Roger	tried	CPR	but	the	girl	was	dead,	he	said.	He
seemed	to	think	she’d	been	dead	for	a	few	hours.”
“That’s	for	the	ME	to	determine,”	the	Chief	says.	“Three-three-three	Monomoy	Road,
you	said?”
“It’s	a	compound,”	Dickson	says.	“Main	house,	two	guest	cottages,	and	a	pool	house.
The	name	of	the	property	is	Summerland.”
Summerland.	The	Chief	has	seen	the	sign,	though	he	has	never	been	to	the	house.	That
stretch	of	Monomoy	Road	is	the	stratospherically	high-rent	district.	The	people	who	live
on	 that	 road	 generally	 don’t	 have	 problems	 that	 require	 the	 police.	 The	 houses	 have
sophisticated	 security	 systems,	 and	 the	 residents	 use	 discretion	 to	 keep	 any	 issues	 under
wraps.
“Has	everyone	else	been	notified?”	the	Chief	asks.	“The	state	police?	The	ME?”
“Affirmative,”	 Dickson	 says.	 “The	 Greek	 is	 on	 his	 way	 to	 the	 address	 now.	 He	 was
here	 on	 island	 last	 night,	 lucky	 for	 us.	 But	 both	 Cash	 and	 Elsonhurst	 are	 on	 vacay	 until
Monday	and	I’m	at	the	end	of	a	double,	so	I	don’t	know	who	else	you	want	to	call	in.	The
other	guys	are	kind	of	green—”
“I’ll	 worry	 about	 that	 in	 a	 minute,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “Does	 the	 girl	 have	 family	 to
notify?”
“I’m	not	sure,”	Dickson	says.	“The	bride	was	so	upset	that	I	told	the	EMTs	to	take	her
to	 the	 hospital.	 She	 needed	 a	 Xanax,	 and	 badly.	 She	 could	 barely	 breathe,	 much	 less
speak.”
“The	paper	will	have	to	leave	this	alone	until	we	notify	next	of	kin,”	the	Chief	says.
Which	is	one	small	piece	of	good	news;	the	last	thing	the	Chief	wants	is	Jordan	Randolph
from	the	Nantucket	Standard	sniffing	around	his	crime	scene.	The	Chief	can’t	believe	he
missed	 the	 911	 call	 on	 the	 scanner.	 Over	 the	 years	 he	 has	 developed	 an	 uncanny	 filter
where	the	scanner	is	concerned;	he	knows,	even	in	his	sleep,	what	deserves	his	attention
and	what	he	can	let	pass.	But	now	he	has	a	dead	body.

They	 have	 to	 assume	 foul	 play	 by	 law,	 although	 here	 on	 Nantucket,	 violent	 crime	 is
rare.	The	Chief	has	been	working	on	this	island	for	nearly	thirty	years	and	in	all	that	time,
he	has	seen	only	three	homicides.	One	per	decade.
Roger	Pelton	called	it	in.	The	Chief	has	heard	Roger’s	name	recently.	Really	recently,
at	some	point	in	the	past	couple	of	days.	And	a	compound	in	Monomoy—that	rings	a	bell
too.	But	why?
He	hears	a	light	tap	on	the	window,	and	through	the	glass	slider,	he	sees	Andrea	in	her
nightshirt,	 holding	 up	 a	 cup	 of	 coffee.	 Chloe	 is	 moving	 around	 the	 kitchen	 behind	 her,
dressed	in	her	catering	uniform	of	white	shirt	and	black	pants.
Chloe	is	awake	already?	the	Chief	thinks.	At	six	o’clock	in	the	morning?	Or	did	she
get	home	so	late	last	night	that	she	fell	asleep	in	her	clothes?
Yes,	 he	 thinks.	 She	 worked	 a	 rehearsal	 dinner	 the	 night	 before.	 Then	 it	 clicks:	 Chloe
told	the	Chief	that	the	rehearsal	dinner	and	the	wedding	were	being	held	in	Monomoy	and
that	 Roger	 was	 the	 wedding	 coordinator.	 It’s	 the	 same	 wedding.	 The	 Chief	 shakes	 his
head,	even	though	he	knows	better	than	anyone	that	this	is	a	small	island.
“Was	 the	 woman	 you	 found	 staying	 at	 the	 compound	 where	 the	 wedding	 is	 taking
place	today?”	the	Chief	asks.
“Affirmative,”	Dickson	says.	“She	was	the	maid	of	honor,	Chief.	I	don’t	think	there’s
going	to	be	any	wedding.”
Andrea,	possibly	recognizing	the	expression	on	the	Chief’s	face,	steps	out	to	the	deck,
hands	Ed	his	coffee,	and	disappears	inside.	Chloe	has	vanished.	She	has	probably	headed
upstairs	to	shower	for	work,	which	will	now	be	canceled.	News	like	this	travels	fast;	the
Chief	expects	that	Siobhan	Crispin	will	be	calling	at	any	moment.
What	else	did	Chloe	say	about	that	wedding?	One	of	the	families	is	British,	the	mother
famous	somehow—an	actress?	A	theater	actress?	A	playwright?	Something.
The	Chief	takes	the	first	sip	of	his	coffee.	“You’re	still	on-site,	correct,	Dickson?	Have
you	talked	to	anyone	other	than	the	bride	and	Roger?”
“Yeah,	I	talked	to	the	groom,”	Dickson	says.	“He	wanted	to	go	with	the	bride	to	the
hospital.	But	first	he	went	inside	one	of	the	guest	cottages	to	grab	his	wallet	and	his	phone
and	he	came	right	back	out	to	tell	me	the	best	man	is	missing.”
“Missing?”	the	Chief	says.	“Is	it	possible	we	have	two	people	dead?”
“I	checked	the	water,	down	the	beach,	and	out	a	few	hundred	yards	in	both	directions
with	my	field	glasses,”	Dickson	says.	“It	was	all	clear.	But	at	this	point,	I’d	say	anything	is
possible.”
“Tell	the	Greek	to	wait	for	me,	please,”	the	Chief	says.	“I’m	on	my	way.”

Friday,	July	6,	2018,	9:15	a.m.

GREER

Greer	Garrison	Winbury	thrives	on	tradition,	protocol,	and	decorum	but	on	the	occasion
of	her	younger	son’s	wedding,	she	is	happy	to	toss	all	three	out	the	window.	It’s	customary
for	 the	 bride’s	 parents	 to	 host	 and	 pay	 for	 their	 daughter’s	 nuptials,	 but	 if	 that	 were	 the
case	 with	 Benji	 and	 Celeste,	 the	 wedding	 would	 be	 taking	 place	 in	 a	 church	 at	 the	 mall
with	a	reception	following	at	TGI	Fridays.
You’re	a	terrific	snob,	Greer,	her	husband,	Tag,	is	fond	of	saying.	Greer	fears	that	this
is	true.	But	where	Benji’s	wedding	was	concerned,	she	had	to	intervene.	Look	what	she’d
endured	 when	 Thomas	 married	 Abigail	 Freeman:	 a	 Texas	 wedding,	 with	 all	 of	 Mr.
Freeman’s	oil	money	on	grand,	grotesque	display.	There	had	been	three	hundred	people	at
the	 “welcome	 party”	 at	 the	 Salt	 Lick	 BBQ—Greer	 had	 hoped	 to	 live	 her	 whole	 life
without	 ever	 patronizing	 a	 place	 called	 the	 Salt	 Lick	 BBQ—where	 the	 suggested	 dress
code	was	“hill-country	casual,”	and	when	Greer	asked	Thomas	what	that	could	possibly
mean,	he’d	said,	Wear	jeans,	Mom.
Wear	jeans	 to	 her	 elder	 son’s	 wedding	 celebration?	 Greer	 had	 opted	 for	 wide-legged
ivory	trousers	and	stacked	Ferragamo	heels.	Ivory	had	turned	out	to	be	a	poor	choice,	as
the	guests	of	this	welcome	party	had	all	been	expected	to	eat	pork	ribs	with	their	fingers.
Shrieks	of	joy	had	gone	up	when	there	had	been	a	surprise	appearance	by	a	country	singer
named	 George	 Strait,	 whom	 everyone	 called	 “the	 King	 of	 Country.”	 Greer	 still	 can’t
imagine	how	much	it	must	have	cost	Mr.	Freeman	to	hire	the	King	of	Country—and	for	an
event	that	wasn’t	even	part	of	the	usual	nuptial	schedule.
As	Greer	drives	the	Defender	90	(Tag	had	it	rebuilt	and	shipped	over	from	England)
down	to	the	Hy-Line	ferry	to	pick	up	Celeste’s	parents,	Bruce	and	Karen	Otis,	she	sings
along	to	the	radio.	It’s	B.	J.	Thomas’s	“Hooked	on	a	Feeling.”
This	weekend,	Greer	is	effectively	the	bride’s	mother	as	well	as	the	groom’s,	for	she	is
100	 percent	 in	 charge.	 She	 hasn’t	 encountered	 one	 iota	 of	 resistance	 from	 anyone,
including	 Celeste	 herself;	 the	 girl	 responds	 to	 all	 of	 Greer’s	 suggestions	 with	 the	 exact
same	 text:	 Sounds	 good.	 (Greer	 despises	 texting,	 but	 if	 one	 wants	 to	 communicate	 with
Millennials,	 one	 must	 abandon	 old-fashioned	 notions	 like	 expecting	 to	 speak	 on	 the
phone.)	Greer	has	to	admit,	it	has	been	far	easier	to	get	her	way	with	the	color	scheme,	the
invitations,	the	flowers,	and	the	caterer	than	she	ever	anticipated.	It’s	as	if	this	were	her
own	 wedding,	 thirty-two	 years	 later…	 minus	 her	 overbearing	 mother	 and	 grandmother,
who	 insisted	 on	 an	 afternoon	 reception	 in	 the	 sweltering	 garden	 of	 Swallowcroft,	 and
minus	a	fiancé	who	insisted	on	a	stag	party	the	night	before	the	wedding.	Tag	had	gotten
home	 at	 seven	 o’clock	 in	 the	 morning	 smelling	 of	 Bushmills	 and	 Chanel	 No.	 9.	 When
Greer	had	started	weeping	and	demanding	to	know	if	he’d	actually	had	the	gall	to	sleep
with	another	woman	the	night	before	his	wedding,	Greer’s	mother	took	her	aside	and	told

her	that	the	most	important	skill	required	in	marriage	was	picking	one’s	battles.
Make	sure	they’re	ones	you	can	win,	her	mother	had	said.
Greer	 has	 tried	 to	 remain	 vigilant	 where	 Tag’s	 fidelity	 is	 concerned,	 although	 it	 has
been	 exhausting	 with	 a	 man	 as	 charismatic	 as	 her	 husband.	 Greer	 has	 never	 found	 hard
evidence	of	any	indiscretions,	but	she	has	certainly	had	her	suspicions.	She	has	them	right
up	to	this	very	minute	about	a	woman	named	Featherleigh	Dale,	who	will	be	arriving	on
Nantucket	from	London	in	a	few	short	hours.	If	Featherleigh	is	silly	and	careless	enough
to	 wear	 the	 silver-lace	 ring	 with	 the	 pink,	 yellow,	 and	 blue	 sapphires—Greer	 knows
exactly	what	the	ring	looks	like	because	Jessica	Hicks,	the	jeweler,	showed	her	a	picture!
—then	Greer’s	hunch	will	be	confirmed.
Greer	encounters	traffic	on	Union	Street.	She	should	have	left	more	time;	she	cannot
be	late	for	the	Otises.	Greer	has	yet	to	meet	either	of	Celeste’s	parents	in	person	and	she
would	 like	 to	 make	 a	 good	 impression	 and	 not	 leave	 them	 to	 wander	 forlornly	 around
Straight	 Wharf	 on	 this,	 their	 first	 trip	 to	 the	 island.	 Greer	 had	 worried	 about	 hosting	 a
wedding	so	close	to	the	Fourth	of	July,	but	it	was	the	only	weekend	that	worked	over	the
course	 of	 the	 entire	 summer	 and	 they	 couldn’t	 put	 it	 off	 until	 autumn	 because	 Karen,
Celeste’s	mother,	has	stage	4	breast	cancer.	No	one	knows	how	much	time	she	has	left.
The	song	ends,	traffic	comes	to	a	dead	stop,	and	the	sense	of	foreboding	that	Greer	has
successfully	 held	 at	 bay	 until	 now	 fills	 the	 car	 like	 a	 foul	 smell.	 Usually,	 Greer	 feels
unsettled	about	only	two	things:	her	husband	and	her	writing,	and	the	writing	always	sorts
itself	out	in	the	end	(declining	book	sales	aside,	although,	really,	it’s	Greer’s	job	to	write
the	mysteries,	not	sell	them).	But	now	she	worries	about…	well,	if	she	has	to	pinpoint	the
exact	locus	of	her	dismay	she	would	say	it	is	Celeste.	The	ease	with	which	Greer	has	been
able	to	take	control	of	this	wedding	suddenly	seems	suspect.	As	Greer’s	mother	used	to
say,	Things	that	seem	too	good	to	be	true	usually	are.
It’s	as	if	Celeste	doesn’t	care	about	the	wedding.	At	all.	How	had	Greer	ignored	this
possibility	for	four	months?	She	had	reasoned	that	Celeste	was	(wisely)	deferring	to—or
placing	 extreme	 confidence	 in—Greer’s	 impeccable	 taste.	 Or	 that	 Celeste’s	 only	 agenda
was	 getting	 the	 wedding	 planned	 as	 expediently	 as	 possible	 because	 of	 her	 mother’s
illness.
But	now,	other	factors	come	into	focus,	such	as	the	stutter	Celeste	developed	shortly
after	 the	 date	 was	 set.	 The	 stutter	 began	 with	 Celeste	 repeating	 certain	 words	 or	 short
phrases,	but	it	has	become	something	more	serious,	even	debilitating—Celeste	trips	over
her	r’s	and	m’s	and	p’s	until	she	grows	pink	in	the	face.
Greer	asked	Benji	if	the	stutter	was	creating	problems	for	Celeste	at	work.	Celeste	is
the	assistant	director	at	the	Bronx	Zoo	and	she	is	occasionally	called	upon	to	give	lectures
to	 the	 zoo’s	 visitors—mostly	 schoolchildren	 during	 the	 week	 and	 foreigners	 on	 the
weekends—so	 Celeste	 has	 to	 speak	 slowly	 and	 clearly.	 Benji	 replied	 that	 Celeste	 rarely
stuttered	at	work.	Mostly	just	at	home	and	when	she	was	out	socially.
This	 gave	 Greer	 pause.	 Developing	 a	 stutter	 at	 twenty-eight	 could	 be	 attributed	 to…
what?	It	was	a	tell	of	some	kind.	Greer	had	immediately	used	the	detail	in	the	novel	she

was	 writing:	 the	 murderer	 develops	 a	 stutter	 as	 a	 result	 of	 his	 guilt,	 which	 grabs	 the
attention	 of	 Miss	 Dolly	 Hardaway,	 the	 spinster	 detective	 who	 is	 the	 protagonist	 of	 all
twenty-one	 of	 Greer’s	 murder	 mysteries.	 This	 is	 well	 and	 fine	 for	 Greer,	 who	 tends	 to
mine	 every	 new	 encounter	 and	 experience	 in	 her	 fiction,	 but	 what	 about	 in	 real	 life,	 for
Celeste?	What	is	going	on?	Greer	has	the	feeling	that	the	stutter	is	somehow	connected	to
Celeste’s	imminent	marriage	to	Benji.
There’s	 no	 time	 to	 think	 any	 further	 because	 suddenly	 traffic	 surges	 forward	 and	 not
only	does	Greer	move	swiftly	into	town,	she	also	finds	a	parking	spot	right	in	front	of	the
ferry	 dock.	 She	 still	 has	 two	 minutes	 to	 spare.	 What	 magnificent	 luck!	 Her	 doubts	 fade.
This	 wedding,	 this	 union	 of	 two	 families	 on	 the	 most	 festive	 of	 summer	 weekends,	 is
clearly	something	that’s	meant	to	be.

KAREN

Viewed	from	a	distance,	Nantucket	Island	is	everything	Karen	Otis	dreamed	it	would	be:
tasteful,	 charming,	 nautical,	 classic.	 The	 ferry	 passes	 inside	 a	 stone	 jetty,	 and	 Karen
squeezes	Bruce’s	hand	to	let	him	know	she	would	like	to	stand	and	walk	the	few	feet	to
the	railing	now.	Bruce	places	an	arm	across	Karen’s	back	and	eases	her	up	out	of	her	seat.
He’s	not	a	big	man	but	he’s	strong.	He	was	the	Pennsylvania	state	champion	wrestler	at
142	pounds	in	1984.	Karen	first	set	eyes	on	him	sitting	in	the	Easton	Area	High	School
pool	 balcony.	 She	 was	 swimming	 the	 butterfly	 leg	 for	 the	 varsity	 relay	 team,	 which
routinely	practiced	during	lunch,	and	when	she	climbed	out	of	the	water,	she	spied	Bruce,
dressed	in	sweatpants	and	a	hooded	sweatshirt,	staring	at	an	orange	he	held	in	his	hands.
“What	is	that	guy	doing?”	Karen	had	wondered	aloud.
“That’s	 Bruce	 Otis,”	 Tracy,	 the	 backstroker,	 had	 said.	 “He’s	 captain	 of	 the	 wrestling
team.	They	have	a	meet	this	afternoon	and	he’s	trying	to	make	weight.”
Karen	 had	 wrapped	 a	 towel	 around	 her	 waist	 and	 marched	 up	 the	 stairs	 to	 introduce
herself.	She	had	been	well	endowed	even	as	a	high-school	sophomore	and	was	pretty	sure
the	sight	of	her	in	her	tank	suit	would	take	Bruce	Otis’s	mind	off	the	orange	and	his	weight
and	anything	else.
Bruce	 holds	 Karen	 steady	 and	 together	 they	 approach	 the	 railing.	 People	 see	 them
coming,	take	note	of	the	scarf	wrapped	around	Karen’s	head—she	can’t	bring	herself	to	do
wigs—and	back	up	a	few	steps	to	make	a	respectful	space.
Karen	 grips	 the	 railing	 with	 both	 hands.	 Even	 that	 is	 an	 effort	 but	 she	 wants	 a	 good
view	for	their	approach.	The	houses	that	line	the	water	are	all	enormous,	ten	times	the	size
of	Karen	and	Bruce’s	ranch	on	Derhammer	Street	in	Forks	Township,	Pennsylvania,	and
these	houses	all	have	gray	cedar	shingles	and	crisp	white	trim.	Some	of	the	homes	have
curved	decks;	some	have	stacked	decks	at	nifty	angles	like	a	Jenga	game.	Some	have	lush
green	lawns	that	roll	right	up	to	stone	walls	before	a	thin	strip	of	beach.	Every	home	flies
the	American	flag,	and	all	are	impeccably	maintained;	there	isn’t	a	dumpy	or	disheveled
renegade	in	the	bunch.
Money,	Karen	thinks.	Where	does	all	the	money	come	from?	She	is	seasoned	enough
to	know	that	money	can’t	buy	happiness—and	it	certainly	can’t	buy	health—but	it’s	still
intriguing	 to	 contemplate	 just	 how	much	money	 the	 people	 who	 own	 these	 houses	 must
have.	 First	 off,	 these	 are	 second	 homes,	 so	 one	 must	 account	 for	 the	 first	 home—a
brownstone	in	Manhattan	or	a	brick	mansion	in	Georgetown,	an	estate	on	the	Main	Line	or
a	horse	farm	in	Virginia—and	then	factor	in	the	price	of	waterfront	property	here	on	this
prestigious	island.	Next,	Karen	considers	all	of	the	furnishings	such	houses	must	contain:
the	 rugs,	 the	 sofas,	 the	 tables	 and	 chairs,	 the	 lamps,	 the	 pencil-post	 beds,	 the	 nine-

thousand-thread-count	 Belgian	 sheets,	 the	 decorative	 pillows,	 the	 Jacuzzi	 bathtubs,	 the
scented	 candles	 next	 to	 the	 Jacuzzi	 bathtubs.	 (Celeste	 has	 educated	 Karen	 beyond	 the
world	 of	 Yankee	 Candle;	 there	 are	 apparently	 candles	 that	 sell	 for	 over	 four	 hundred
dollars.	Celeste’s	future	sister-in-law,	Abby,	gave	Celeste	such	a	candle	as	an	engagement
present,	 and	 when	 Celeste	 told	 Karen	 that	 a	 Jo	 Malone	 pine-and-eucalyptus	 candle	 sold
for	 $470,	 Karen	 hooted.	 That	 was	 nearly	 as	 much	 as	 Bruce	 had	 paid	 for	 his	 first	 car,	 a
1969	Chevy	Nova!)
Then,	 of	 course,	 there’s	 the	 staff	 to	 pay:	 landscapers,	 house	 cleaners,	 caretakers,
nannies	for	the	children.	There	are	the	cars—Range	Rovers,	Jaguars,	BMWs.	There	must
be	sailing	and	tennis	lessons,	monogrammed	seersucker	dresses,	grosgrain	ribbons	for	the
hair,	 a	 new	 pair	 of	 Topsiders	 each	 season.	 And	 what	 about	 the	 food	 such	 houses	 must
contain?	 Bowls	 of	 peaches	 and	 plums,	 cartons	 of	 strawberries	 and	 blueberries,	 freshly
baked	bread,	quinoa	salad,	ripe	avocados,	organic	eggs,	fat-marbled	steaks,	and	steaming,
scarlet	lobsters.	And	butter.	Lots	and	lots	of	butter.
Karen	 also	 factors	 in	 all	 of	 the	 dull	 stuff	 that	 no	 one	 likes	 to	 think	 about:	 insurance,
taxes,	electricity,	cable	TV,	attorneys.
These	families	must	have	fifty	million	dollars	each,	Karen	decides.	At	least.	And	how
does	 someone,	 anyone,	 make	 that	 much	 money?	 She	 would	 ask	 Bruce	 but	 she	 doesn’t
want	 to	 make	 him	 feel	 self-conscious.	 Meaning	 she	 doesn’t	 want	 to	 make	 him	 feel	 any
more	self-conscious;	she	knows	he’s	already	sensitive	about	money—because	they	don’t
have	 any.	 Despite	 this,	 Bruce	 will	 be	 the	 best-dressed	 man	 at	 the	 wedding,	 Karen	 is
certain.	Bruce	works	in	the	suit	department	at	Neiman	Marcus	in	the	King	of	Prussia	Mall.
He	gets	a	30	percent	discount	on	clothes	plus	free	alterations.	He	has	managed	to	keep	his
wrestler’s	physique—strong	shoulders,	tapered	waist	(no	beer	belly	for	him!)—and	so	he
cuts	an	impressive	silhouette.	If	he	were	two	inches	taller,	a	store	vice	president	once	told
him,	he	could	work	as	a	model.
Bruce	is	almost	like	a	woman	in	the	way	he	loves	fine	clothes.	When	he	brings	home
something	 new	 (which	 is	 fairly	 often,	 a	 fact	 that	 used	 to	 confuse	 Karen,	 as	 they	 don’t
really	have	the	money	for	new	clothes	or	the	money	to	go	anywhere	he	might	wear	them),
he	likes	to	give	Karen	a	fashion	show.	She	sits	on	the	edge	of	the	bed—lately,	she	lies	in
the	 bed—while	 Bruce	 gets	 dressed	 in	 the	 bathroom	 and	 then	 emerges,	 one	 hand	 on	 hip,
and	sashays	around	the	room	like	it’s	a	fashion	runway.	It	cracks	Karen	up	every	time.	She
has	come	to	understand	that	this	is	why	he	buys	new	suits,	shirts,	ties,	trousers,	and	socks
—to	give	Karen	joy.
And	 because	 he	 likes	 to	 look	 good.	 Today,	 for	 their	 arrival,	 he’s	 wearing	 a	 pair	 of
pressed	 black	 G-Star	 jeans	 and	 a	 black-and-turquoise	 paisley	 Robert	 Graham	 shirt	 with
contrasting	grasshopper-green	cuffs,	a	pair	of	zebra-striped	socks,	and	black	suede	Gucci
loafers.	It’s	hot	in	the	sun.	Even	Karen,	who	is	always	cold	now	thanks	to	the	chemo,	is
warm.	Bruce	must	be	roasting.
A	lighthouse	swathed	in	an	American	flag	comes	into	view,	and	then	Karen	sees	two
church	 steeples,	 one	 a	 white	 spire,	 one	 a	 clock	 tower	 with	 a	 gold	 dome.	 The	 harbor	 is
filled	 with	 sailboats	 of	 all	 sizes,	 power	 yachts	 with	 tiered	 tuna	 towers,	 cigarette	 boats,

cabin	cruisers.
“It’s	like	a	movie	set,”	Karen	says,	but	her	words	get	carried	away	on	the	sea	breeze
and	 Bruce	 doesn’t	 hear	 her.	 She	 can	 see	 from	 the	 expression	 on	 his	 face	 that	 he’s	 as
mesmerized	 as	 she	 is.	 He’s	 probably	 thinking	 that	 they	 haven’t	 been	 anywhere	 this
enchanting	 since	 their	 honeymoon	 thirty-two	 years	 earlier.	 She	 was	 eighteen	 years	 old
then,	just	out	of	high	school,	and	after	the	cost	of	the	wedding	clothes	and	a	ceremony	at
the	courthouse,	they	had	$280	left	for	a	weeklong	getaway.	They	bought	a	case	of	wine
coolers	(they’re	out	of	fashion	now	but,	oh,	how	Karen	had	loved	a	cold	raspberry	Bartles
and	Jaymes	back	then)	and	a	bunch	of	snack	food—Bugles,	Cool	Ranch	Doritos,	Funyuns
—and	they’d	climbed	into	Bruce’s	Chevy	Nova,	popped	in	his	Bat	Out	of	Hell	eight-track,
and	taken	off	for	the	coast,	both	of	them	singing	at	the	top	of	their	lungs.
They	 had	 reached	 the	 Jersey	 Shore	 points	 early	 on	 but	 neither	 of	 them	 had	 felt
compelled	 to	 stop.	 The	 shore	 had	 been	 the	 beach	 of	 their	 youth—class	 trips,	 a	 family
vacation	 to	 Wildwood	 every	 summer—and	 so	 they	 had	 continued	 going	 north	 to	 New
England.
New	England,	Karen	remembers	now,	had	sounded	very	exotic.
They	ran	low	on	gas	in	a	town	called	Madison,	Connecticut,	exit	61	off	I-95,	that	had	a
leafy	main	street	lined	with	shops,	like	something	out	of	a	1950s	sitcom.	When	Karen	got
out	of	the	car	to	stretch	her	legs	at	the	filling	station,	she	had	smelled	salt	in	the	air.
She	said,	“I	think	we’re	near	the	water.”
They	 had	 asked	 the	 gas-station	 attendant	 what	 there	 was	 to	 see	 in	 Madison,
Connecticut,	and	he	directed	them	to	a	restaurant	called	the	Lobster	Deck,	which	had	an
uninterrupted	 view	 of	 the	 Long	 Island	 Sound.	 Down	 the	 street	 from	 the	 Lobster	 Deck,
across	 from	 a	 state	 park	 with	 a	 beach,	 was	 the	 Sandbar	 Motel	 and	 Lodge;	 a	 room	 cost
$105	for	the	week.
Karen	 knows	 she’s	 not	 worldly.	 She	 has	 never	 been	 to	 Paris,	 Bermuda,	 or	 even	 the
West	 Coast.	 She	 and	 Bruce	 used	 to	 take	 Celeste	 to	 the	 Pocono	 Mountains	 on	 vacation.
They	skied	at	Camelback	in	the	winter	and	went	to	the	Great	Wolf	Lodge	water	park	in	the
summer.	The	rest	of	their	money	they	saved	for	Celeste	to	go	to	college.	She	had	shown	an
interest	 in	 animals	 at	 an	 early	 age,	 and	 both	 Bruce	 and	 Karen	 had	 hoped	 she	 would
become	a	veterinarian.	When	Celeste’s	interests	had	instead	run	toward	zoology,	that	had
been	 fine	 too.	 She	 had	 been	 offered	 a	 partial	 scholarship	 at	 Miami	 University	 of	 Ohio,
which	had	the	best	zoology	department	in	the	country.	“Partial	scholarship”	still	left	a	lot
to	pay	for—some	tuition,	room,	board,	books,	spending	money,	bus	tickets	home—and	so
there	had	been	precious	little	left	over	for	travel.
Hence,	that	one	trip	to	New	England	remained	sacred	to	both	Karen	and	Bruce.	They
are	 even	 further	 in	 the	 hole	 now—nearly	 a	 hundred	 thousand	 dollars	 in	 debt,	 thanks	 to
Karen’s	medical	bills—but	there	was	no	way	they	were	going	to	miss	making	the	trip	to
Nantucket.	On	their	way	home,	once	Celeste	and	Benji	are	safely	on	their	honeymoon	in
Greece,	 they	 will	 stop	 in	 Madison,	 Connecticut,	 for	 what	 Karen	 is	 privately	 calling	 the
Grand	Finale.	The	Sandbar	Motel	and	Lodge	is	long	gone,	so	instead,	Bruce	has	booked

an	oceanfront	suite	at	the	Madison	Beach	Hotel.	It’s	a	Hilton	property.	Bruce	told	Karen
he	got	it	for	free	by	accepting	Hilton	Honors	points	offered	to	him	by	the	store’s	general
manager,	Mr.	Allen.	Karen	knows	that	all	of	Bruce’s	co-workers	have	wondered	how	to
help	out	their	favorite	sales	associate,	Bruce	in	Suits,	whose	wife	has	been	diagnosed	with
terminal	cancer,	and	while	this	is	slightly	mortifying,	she	does	appreciate	the	concern	and,
especially,	 Mr.	 Allen’s	 generous	 offer	 to	 pay	 for	 their	 hotel.	 Madison,	 Connecticut,	 has
taken	on	the	paradisiacal	qualities	of	a	Shangri-la.	Karen	wants	to	eat	lobster—with	butter,
lots	and	lots	of	butter—and	she	wants	to	watch	the	honey	lozenge	of	the	sun	drop	into	the
Long	Island	Sound.	She	wants	to	fall	asleep	in	Bruce’s	arms	as	she	listens	to	waves	lap	the
shore,	their	daughter	successfully	married.
The	Grand	Finale.
Last	August,	Karen	learned	that	she	had	a	tumor	on	her	L3	vertebra.	The	breast	cancer,
which	 she’d	 believed	 she’d	 beaten,	 had	 metastasized	 to	 her	 bones.	 Her	 oncologist,	 Dr.
Edman,	has	given	her	a	year	to	eighteen	months.	Karen	figures	she	has	until	at	least	the
end	of	the	summer,	which	is	an	enormous	blessing,	especially	when	you	consider	all	the
people	throughout	history	who	have	died	without	warning.	Why,	Karen	could	be	crossing
Northampton	 Street	 to	 the	 circle	 in	 downtown	 Easton	 and	 get	 hit	 by	 a	 car,	 making	 the
cancer	diagnosis	irrelevant.
Celeste	had	been	gutted	by	the	news.	She	had	just	gotten	engaged	to	Benji	but	she	said
she	wanted	to	postpone	the	wedding,	leave	New	York,	and	move	back	to	Easton	to	take
care	 of	 Karen.	 This	 was	 the	 exact	 opposite	 of	 what	 Karen	 wanted.	 Karen	 encouraged
Celeste	to	move	up	the	wedding,	rather	than	postpone	it.
Celeste,	always	obedient,	did	just	that.
When	Dr.	Edman	called	last	week	to	say	it	appeared	the	cancer	had	spread	to	Karen’s
stomach	and	liver,	Karen	and	Bruce	decided	to	keep	the	news	from	Celeste	entirely.	When
Karen	leaves	on	Monday	morning,	she	will	say	good-bye	to	Celeste	as	if	everything	is	just
fine.
All	she	has	to	do	is	make	it	through	the	next	three	days.
Karen	 can	 still	 walk	 with	 a	 cane	 but	 Bruce	 has	 arranged	 for	 a	 wheelchair	 to	 glide	 her
gracefully	down	the	ramp	and	onto	the	wharf.	Greer	Garrison	Winbury—or,	rather,	Greer
Garrison;	people	rarely	call	her	by	her	married	name,	according	to	Celeste—is	supposed
to	 be	 waiting.	 Neither	 Karen	 nor	 Bruce	 has	 met	 Greer,	 but	 Karen	 has	 read	 two	 of	 her
books:	her	most	recent,	Death	in	Dubai,	as	well	as	the	novel	that	launched	Greer	to	fame
in	the	early	nineties,	The	Killer	on	Khao	San	Road.	Karen	isn’t	much	of	a	book	critic—she
has	 dropped	 out	 of	 three	 book	 groups	 because	 the	 novels	 they	 choose	 are	 so	 grim	 and
depressing—but	 she	 can	 say	 that	 The	 Killer	 on	 Khao	 San	 Road	 was	 fast-paced	 and
entertaining.	(Karen	had	no	idea	where	Khao	San	Road	was;	turned	out	it	was	in	Bangkok,
and	 there	 were	 all	 kinds	 of	 elaborate	 details	 about	 that	 city—the	 temples,	 the	 flower
market,	 the	 green	 papaya	 salad	 with	 toasted	 peanuts—that	 made	 the	 book	 just	 as
transporting	 as	 watching	 the	 travel	 channel	 on	 TV.)	 Death	 in	 Dubai,	 however,	 was
formulaic	 and	 predictable.	 Karen	 figured	 out	 who	 the	 killer	 was	 on	 page	 fourteen:	 the

hairless	 guy	 with	 the	 tattooed	 mustache.	 Karen	 could	 have	 written	 a	 more	 suspenseful
novel	herself	with	just	CSI:	Miami	as	background.	Karen	wonders	if	Greer	Garrison,	the
esteemed	 mystery	 writer	 who	 is	 always	 named	 in	 the	 same	 breath	 as	 Sue	 Grafton	 and
Louise	Penny,	is	coasting	now,	in	her	middle	age.
Karen	 has	 carefully	 studied	 Greer’s	 author	 photo;	 both	 of	 the	 books	 Karen	 read
featured	the	same	photo,	despite	a	nearly	twenty-five-year	span	between	publication	dates.
Greer	 wears	 a	 straw	 picture	 hat,	 and	 there	 is	 a	 lush	 English	 garden	 in	 the	 background.
Greer	is	maybe	thirty	in	the	photo.	She	has	pale	blond	hair	and	flawless	pale	skin.	Greer’s
eyes	 are	 a	 beautiful	 deep	 brown	 and	 she	 has	 a	 long,	 lovely	 neck.	 She	 isn’t	 an	 overtly
beautiful	woman,	but	she	conveys	class,	elegance,	regality	even,	and	Karen	can	see	why
she	 never	 chose	 to	 update	 the	 picture.	 Who	 wants	 to	 see	 age	 descend	 on	 a	 woman?	 No
one.	 So	 it’s	 up	 to	 Karen	 to	 imagine	 how	 Greer	 might	 look	 now,	 with	 wrinkles,	 some
tension	in	the	neck,	possibly	some	gray	in	the	part	of	her	hair.
There	 is	 a	 crush	 of	 people	 on	 the	 wharf—those	 disembarking,	 those	 picking	 up
houseguests,	tourists	wandering	the	shops,	hungry	couples	in	search	of	lunch.	Because	the
cancer	 has	 invaded	 Karen’s	 stomach,	 she	 rarely	 feels	 hungry,	 but	 her	 appetite	 is	 piqued
now	by	the	prospect	of	lobster.	Will	there	be	lobster	served	over	the	wedding	weekend?
she	had	asked	Celeste.
Yes,	Betty,	 Celeste	 had	 said,	 and	 the	 nickname	 had	 made	 Karen	 smile.	 There	 will	 be
plenty	of	lobster.
“Karen?”	a	voice	calls	out.	“Bruce?”
Karen	searches	through	the	crowd	and	sees	a	woman—blond,	thin,	maniacally	smiling,
or	 maybe	 the	 smile	 only	 looks	 maniacal	 because	 of	 the	 face-lift—moving	 toward	 them
with	her	arms	wide	open.
Greer	 Garrison.	 Yes,	 there	 she	 is.	 Her	 hair	 is	 the	 same	 pale	 blond,	 and	 expensivelooking	sunglasses—Tom	Ford?—are	perched	on	the	top	of	her	head.	She’s	wearing	white
capri	 pants	 and	 a	 white	 linen	 tunic,	 which	 Karen	 supposes	 is	 very	 chic	 and	 summery
although	she	herself	always	prefers	color,	a	result	of	having	worked	in	the	gift	shop	at	the
Crayola	factory	in	Easton	for	so	many	years.	In	Karen’s	opinion,	Greer’s	look	would	be
more	interesting	if	the	tunic	were	magenta	or	goldenrod.
Greer	swoops	down	to	hug	Karen	in	her	wheelchair	without	confirmation	that	she	is,	in
fact,	Karen	Otis,	which	gives	Karen	the	uncomfortable	feeling	that	she	and	Bruce	stick	out
so	badly	that	there	can	be	no	mistaking	them.	Or	maybe	Celeste	has	shown	Greer	pictures.
“So	wonderful	to	meet	you	finally,”	Greer	says.	“And	on	such	a	happy	occasion.	I’m
thrilled	you	could	make	the	trip.”
Karen	 realizes	 that	 she	 is	 prepared	 to	 dislike	 Greer	 Garrison	 and	 take	 offense	 at
everything	she	says.	Of	course	Karen	and	Bruce	made	the	trip!	Their	only	daughter,	their
pride	and	joy,	is	getting	married!
Karen	needs	to	adjust	her	attitude,	and	fast.	She	needs	to	abandon	her	petty	jealousy,
her	 feelings	 of	 inferiority,	 her	 embarrassment	 because	 she	 and	 Bruce	 aren’t	 wealthy	 or

sophisticated.	Mostly,	Karen	needs	to	abandon	the	anger	she	feels.	This	anger	isn’t	caused
by	Greer	specifically,	by	any	means.	Karen	is	angry	at	everyone	who	isn’t	sick.	Everyone
except	Bruce.	And	Celeste,	of	course.
“Greer,”	 Karen	 says.	 “It’s	 so	 nice	 to	 meet	 you.	 Thank	 you	 for	 having	 us.	 Thank	 you
for…	everything.”
Bruce	steps	forward	and	offers	Greer	his	hand.	“Bruce	Otis,”	he	says.	“It’s	a	pleasure,
ma’am.”
“Ma’am?”	Greer	says.	She	laughs	with	her	head	thrown	back,	her	neck—still	lovely
but	indisputably	aged—exposed.	“Please	don’t	call	me	that,	you	make	me	feel	a	thousand
years	old.	Call	me	Greer,	and	my	husband	is	Tag,	like	the	game.	After	all,	we’re	going	to
be	family!”
Family,	 Karen	 thinks	 as	 Bruce	 helps	 her	 into	 the	 backseat	 of	 Greer’s	 car,	 which	 looks
exactly	 like	 what	 people	 drive	 in	 across	 the	 savannas	 of	 Africa	 on	 the	 Travel	 Channel.
They	head	up	a	cobblestoned	street.	Each	cobblestone	the	car	goes	over	is	a	punch	to	the
gut	for	Karen,	but	she	grits	her	teeth	and	bears	it.	Bruce,	sensing	her	pain	as	if	it’s	his	own,
reaches	a	hand	between	the	seats	to	comfort	her.	The	comment	about	family	might	have
been	 a	 throwaway,	 but	 it	 holds	 undeniable	 appeal.	 Karen	 and	 Bruce	 are	 low	 on	 family.
Karen’s	father	died	of	a	heart	attack	when	Karen	was	pregnant	with	Celeste;	her	mother
put	 the	 house	 in	 Tatamy	 on	 the	 market	 and	 ended	 up	 marrying	 Gordon,	 the	 listing	 real
estate	 broker.	 Then,	 when	 Celeste	 was	 in	 kindergarten,	 Karen’s	 mother	 was	 diagnosed
with	a	rare	myeloma	and	died	six	months	later.	Gordon	is	 still	 a	 real	 estate	 agent	 in	 the
area	 but	 they	 hardly	 ever	 hear	 from	 him.	 Bruce’s	 younger	 brother,	 Bryan,	 was	 a	 state
trooper	in	New	Jersey;	he	was	killed	in	a	high-speed	chase.	After	Bryan’s	funeral,	Bruce’s
parents	moved	to	a	retirement	community	in	Bethlehem,	where	they	both	died	of	old	age.
Karen	 and	 Bruce	 have	 always	 clung	 to	 each	 other	 and	 Celeste;	 they	 are	 a	 small,	 insular
cluster	of	three.	Karen	somehow	never	imagined	that	Celeste	would	provide	them	with	a
whole	new	family,	and	certainly	not	one	as	esteemed	as	the	Winburys,	who	not	only	have
a	summer	estate	on	Nantucket	but	also	an	apartment	on	Park	Avenue	in	New	York	City
and	a	flat	they	keep	in	London	for	when	Tag	takes	business	trips	or	Greer	misses	“home.”
Karen	can’t	help	but	feel	a	secret	thrill	at	the	thought	of	a	new	family,	even	though	she
won’t	be	around	to	enjoy	it.
Greer	points	out	Main	Street,	a	certain	restaurant	she	likes	that	serves	an	organic	beet
salad,	a	store	that	sells	the	red	pants	that	all	of	the	gentlemen	will	be	wearing	tomorrow.
They’ve	ordered	a	pair	for	Bruce,	Greer	says,	tailored	precisely	to	the	measurements	he
sent	them	(this	is	news	to	Karen).	Greer	points	out	the	boutique	where	she	bought	a	clutch
purse	 that	 matches	 her	 mother-of-the-groom	 dress	 (though	 the	 dress	 itself	 she	 bought	 in
New	 York,	 of	 course,	 she	 says,	 and	 Karen	 nearly	 says	 that	 of	 course	 she	 bought	 her
mother-of-the-bride	 dress	 at	 Neiman	 Marcus	 in	 the	 King	 of	 Prussia	 Mall	 using	 Bruce’s
discount	 but	 decides	 this	 will	 sound	 pathetic)	 and	 a	 shop	 that	 specializes	 in	 nautical
antiques	where	Greer	always	buys	Tag’s	Father’s	Day	presents.
Bruce	says,	“Do	you	have	a	boat,	then?”

Greer	 laughs	 like	 this	 is	 a	 silly	 question,	 and	 maybe	 it	 is	 a	 silly	 question.	 Maybe
everyone	on	this	island	has	a	boat;	maybe	it’s	a	practical	necessity,	like	having	a	sturdy
snow	shovel	for	Easton	winters.
“We	have	three,”	she	says.	“A	thirty-seven-foot	Hinckley	picnic	boat	named	Ella	for
puttering	over	to	Tuckernuck,	a	thirty-two-foot	Grady-White	that	we	take	to	Great	Point	to
fish	for	stripers,	and	a	thirteen-foot	Whaler,	which	we	bought	so	the	kids	could	get	back
and	forth	to	Coatue	with	their	girlfriends.”
Bruce	nods	like	he	approves	and	Karen	wonders	if	he	has	any	earthly	idea	what	Greer
is	talking	about.	Karen	certainly	doesn’t;	the	woman	might	as	well	be	speaking	Swahili.
How	will	Karen	and	Greer	be	related	once	the	kids	are	married?	Karen	wonders.	Each
will	be	the	mother-in-law	of	the	other’s	child	but	no	relation	to	each	other,	or	at	least	not	a
relation	 that	 has	 a	 name.	 In	 many	 instances,	 she	 suspects,	 the	 mothers	 of	 two	 people
getting	married	dislike	each	other,	or	worse.	Karen	would	like	to	think	that	she	and	Greer
could	 get	 to	 know	 each	 other	 and	 find	 kinship	 and	 become	 as	 close	 as	 sisters,	 but	 that
would	only	happen	in	the	fantasy	world	where	Karen	doesn’t	die.
“We	 also	 have	 kayaks,	 both	 one-person	 and	 two-person,”	 Greer	 says.	 “Tag	 loves	 the
kayaks	more	than	the	boats,	I	think.	He	may	love	the	kayaks	more	than	the	boys!”
Bruce	laughs	like	this	is	the	funniest	thing	he’s	ever	heard.	Karen	scowls.	Who	would
joke	 about	 something	 like	 that?	 She	 needs	 a	 pain	 pill.	 She	 rummages	 through	 her	 winecolored	Tory	Burch	hobo	bag,	which	was	a	present	from	Bruce	when	she	finished	her	first
chemo	 protocol,	 back	 when	 they	 were	 still	 filled	 with	 hope.	 She	 pulls	 out	 her	 bottle	 of
oxycodone.	 She	 is	 very	 careful	 to	 pick	 out	 a	 small	 round	 pill	 and	 not	 one	 of	 the	 three
pearlescent	ovoids,	and	she	throws	it	back	without	water.	The	oxy	makes	her	heart	race,
but	it’s	the	only	thing	that	works	against	the	pain.
Karen	wants	to	admire	the	scenery	but	she	has	to	close	her	eyes.	After	a	while,	Greer
says,	 “We’ll	 be	 there	 in	 a	 jiffy.”	 Her	 British	 accent	 reminds	 Karen	 of	 Julie	 Andrews	 in
Mary	Poppins.	Jiff-jiff-jiffy,	Karen	thinks.	Greer	drives	around	a	traffic	circle,	then	puts	on
her	blinker	and	turns	left.	With	the	sudden	movement	of	the	car,	the	oxy	kicks	in.	Karen’s
pain	subsides	and	a	sense	of	well-being	washes	over	her	like	a	golden	wave.	It’s	by	far	the
best	 part	 of	 the	 oxy,	 this	 initial	 rush	 when	 the	 pain	 is	 absorbed	 like	 a	 spill	 by	 a	 sponge.
Karen	 is	 most	 certainly	 on	 her	 way	 to	 becoming	 addicted	 if	 she	 isn’t	 already,	 but	 Dr.
Edman	is	generous	with	medication.	What	does	addiction	matter	at	this	point?
“Here	we	are!”	Greer	announces	as	she	pulls	into	a	white-shell	driveway.
SUMMERLAND,	 a	 sign	 says.	 PRIVATE.	 Karen	 peers	 out	 the	 window.	 There’s	 a	 row	 of

hydrangea	bushes	on	either	side	of	the	driveway,	alternately	fuchsia	and	periwinkle,	and
then	they	drive	under	a	boxwood	arch	into	what	Karen	can	only	think	of	as	some	kind	of
waterfront	 utopia.	 There’s	 a	 main	 house,	 stately	 and	 grand	 with	 crisp	 white-and-green
awnings	 over	 the	 windows.	 Opposite	 the	 main	 house	 are	 two	 smaller	 cottages	 set	 amid
landscaped	 gardens	 with	 gurgling	 stone	 fountains	 and	 flagstone	 paths	 and	 lavish	 flower
beds.	 And	 all	 of	 this	 is	 only	 yards	 away	 from	 the	 water.	 The	 harbor	 is	 right	 there,	 and
across	the	flat	blue	expanse	of	the	harbor	is	town.	Karen	can	pick	out	the	church	towers

she	saw	from	the	ferry.	The	Nantucket	skyline.
Karen	has	a	hard	time	finding	air,	much	less	words.	This	is	the	most	beautiful	place	she
has	ever	been.	It’s	so	beautiful	it	hurts.
Today	 is	 Friday.	 The	 rehearsal	 at	 St.	 Paul’s	 Episcopal	 Church	 is	 scheduled	 for	 six
o’clock	and	will	be	followed	by	a	clambake	for	sixty	people	that	will	include	a	raw	bar
and	live	music,	a	cover	band	that	plays	the	Beach	Boys	and	Jimmy	Buffett.	There	will	be	a
“small	tent”	set	up	on	the	beach	to	shelter	the	band	and	four	rectangular	tables	of	fifteen.
And	there	will	be	lobster.
The	wedding	is	Saturday	at	four	o’clock,	and	it	will	be	followed	by	a	sit-down	dinner
under	the	“big	tent,”	which	has	a	clear	plastic	roof	so	that	the	guests	can	see	the	sky.	There
will	be	a	dance	floor,	an	eighteen-piece	orchestra,	and	seventeen	round	tables	that	seat	ten
guests	each.	On	Sunday,	the	Winburys	are	hosting	a	brunch	at	their	golf	club;	this	will	be
followed	 by	 a	 nap,	 at	 least	 for	 herself,	 Karen	 thinks.	 On	 Monday	 morning,	 Karen	 and
Bruce	will	leave	on	the	ferry,	and	Celeste	and	Benji	will	fly	from	Boston	to	Athens	and
from	there	to	Santorini.
Stop	time,	Karen	thinks.	She	doesn’t	want	to	get	out	of	the	car.	She	wants	to	stay	right
here,	with	all	of	those	sumptuous	plans	still	in	front	of	her,	forever.
Bruce	helps	Karen	down	out	of	the	car	and	hands	over	her	cane,	and	in	the	time	it	takes
for	 this	 to	 happen,	 people	 pop	 out	 of	 the	 main	 house	 and	 appear	 from	 the	 cottages	 as
though	Bruce	and	Karen	are	visiting	dignitaries.	Well,	they	are,	Karen	thinks.	They	are	the
mother	and	father	of	the	bride.
She	knows	they	are	also	something	of	a	curiosity	because	they	are	poor	and	because
Karen	is	sick,	and	she	hopes	all	of	them	will	be	gentle	with	their	appraisals.
“Hello,”	Karen	says	to	the	assembled	group.	“I’m	Karen	Otis.”	She	looks	for	someone
she	recognizes,	but	Greer	has	vanished	and	Celeste	is	nowhere	to	be	found.	Karen	squints
into	 the	 sun.	 She	 has	 met	 Benji,	 Celeste’s	 betrothed,	 only	 three	 times,	 and	 all	 she	 can
remember	of	him,	thanks	to	chemo	brain,	is	the	cowlick	that	she	had	to	keep	herself	from
smoothing	down	every	ten	seconds.	There	are	two	young,	good-looking	men	in	front	of
her,	 and	 Karen	 knows	 that	 neither	 of	 them	 is	 Benji.	 One	 is	 in	 a	 snappy	 cornflower-blue
polo	and	Karen	smiles	at	him.	This	young	man	steps	forward,	hand	extended.
“I’m	Thomas	Winbury,	Mrs.	Otis,”	he	says.	“Benji’s	brother.”
Karen	 shakes	 Thomas’s	 hand;	 his	 grip	 is	 nearly	 enough	 to	 turn	 Karen’s	 bones	 to
powder.	“Please,	call	me	Karen.”
“And	I’m	Bruce,	Bruce	Otis.”	Bruce	shakes	Thomas’s	hand	and	then	the	hand	of	the
young	man	standing	next	to	Thomas.	He	has	very	dark	hair	and	crystalline-blue	eyes.	He’s
so	striking	that	Karen	can	hardly	keep	from	staring.
“Shooter	Uxley,”	the	young	man	says.	“Benji’s	best	man.”
Shooter,	yes!	Celeste	has	mentioned	Shooter.	It	isn’t	a	name	one	forgets,	and	Celeste
had	tried	to	explain	why	Shooter	was	the	best	man	instead	of	Benji’s	brother,	Thomas,	but

the	 story	 was	 puzzling	 to	 Karen,	 as	 though	 Celeste	 were	 describing	 characters	 on	 a	 TV
series	Karen	had	never	seen.
Bruce	then	shakes	the	hands	of	two	young	ladies,	one	with	chestnut	hair	and	freckles
and	one	a	dangerous-looking	brunette	who	is	wearing	a	formfitting	jersey	dress	in	a	color
that	Karen	would	call	scarlet,	like	the	letter.
“Aren’t	you	hot?”	the	Scarlet	Letter	asks	Bruce.	With	a	slightly	different	inflection,	it
would	 sound	 as	 though	 the	 girl	 were	 hitting	 on	 Bruce,	 but	 Karen	 realizes	 she’s	 talking
about	Bruce’s	outfit,	the	black	jeans,	the	black-and-turquoise	shirt,	the	loafers,	the	socks.
He	looks	sharp	but	he	doesn’t	exactly	fit	in.	Everyone	else	is	in	casual	summer	clothes—
the	men	in	shorts	and	polo	shirts,	the	ladies	in	bright	cotton	sundresses.	Celeste	had	told
Karen	 no	 less	 than	 half	 a	 dozen	 times	 to	 remind	 Bruce	 that	 the	 Winburys	 were	 preppy.
Preppy,	 that	 was	 the	 word	 Celeste	 insisted	 on	 using,	 and	 it	 sounded	 quaint	 to	 Karen.
Didn’t	that	term	go	out	of	style	decades	ago,	right	along	with	Yuppie?	Celeste	had	said:
Tell	MacGyver,	blue	blazers	and	no	socks.	When	Karen	had	passed	on	this	message,	Bruce
had	laughed,	but	not	happily.
I	know	how	to	dress	myself,	Bruce	had	said.	That’s	my	job.
A	 tall,	 silver-haired	 gentleman	 strides	 across	 the	 lawn	 and	 walks	 down	 the	 three	 stone
steps	 into	 the	 driveway.	 He’s	 dripping	 wet	 and	 wearing	 a	 pair	 of	 bathing	 trunks	 and	 a
neoprene	rash	guard.
“Welcome!”	 he	 calls	 out.	 “I’d	 open	 my	 arms	 to	 you	 but	 let’s	 wait	 until	 I	 dry	 off	 for
those	familiarities.”
“Did	you	capsize	again,	Tag?”	the	Scarlet	Letter	teases.
The	gentleman	ignores	the	comment	and	approaches	Karen.	When	she	offers	her	hand,
he	kisses	it,	a	gesture	that	catches	her	off	guard.	She’s	not	sure	anyone	has	ever	kissed	her
hand	 before.	 There’s	 a	 first	 time	 for	 everything,	 she	 thinks,	 even	 for	 a	 dying	 woman.
“Madame,”	he	says.	His	accent	is	English	enough	to	be	charming	but	not	so	much	that	it’s
obnoxious.	“I’m	Tag	Winbury.	Thank	you	for	coming	all	this	way,	thank	you	for	indulging
my	wife	in	all	her	planning,	and	thank	you,	most	of	all,	for	your	beautiful,	intelligent,	and
enchanting	daughter,	our	celestial	Celeste.	We	are	absolutely	enamored	of	her	and	tickled
pink	about	this	impending	union.”
“Oh,”	Karen	says.	She	feels	the	roses	rising	to	her	cheeks,	which	was	how	her	father
always	described	her	blushing.	This	man	is	divine!	He	has	managed	to	set	Karen	at	ease
while	at	the	same	time	making	her	feel	like	a	queen.
There’s	 a	 tap	 on	 Karen’s	 shoulder	 and	 she	 turns	 carefully,	 planting	 her	 cane	 in	 the
shells	of	the	driveway.
“B-B-Betty!”
It’s	Celeste.	She’s	wearing	a	white	sundress	and	a	pair	of	barely	there	sandals;	her	hair
is	braided.	She	has	gotten	a	suntan,	and	her	blue	eyes	look	wide	and	sad	in	her	face.
Sad?	Karen	thinks.	This	should	be	the	happiest	day	of	her	life,	or	the	second-happiest.

Karen	knows	Celeste	is	worried	about	her,	but	Karen	is	determined	to	forget	she’s	sick—at
least	for	the	next	three	days—and	she	wants	everyone	else	to	do	the	same.
“Darling!”	Karen	says,	kissing	Celeste	on	the	cheek.
“Betty,	 you’re	 here,”	 Celeste	 says,	 without	 a	 trace	 of	 stutter.	 “Can	 you	 believe	 it?
You’re	here.”
“Yes,”	 Karen	 says,	 and	 she	 reminds	 herself	 that	 she	 is	 the	 reason	 that	 the	 whole
wedding	is	being	held	now,	during	the	busiest	week	of	the	summer.	“I’m	here.”

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	6:45	a.m.

THE	CHIEF

He	 pulls	 up	 to	 333	 Monomoy	 Road	 right	 behind	 state	 police	 detective	 Nicholas
Diamantopoulos,	otherwise	known	as	the	Greek.	Nick’s	father	is	Greek	and	his	mother	is
Cape	Verdean;	Nick	has	brown	skin,	a	shaved	head,	and	a	jet-black	goatee.	He’s	so	goodlooking	that	people	joke	he	should	quit	the	job	and	play	a	cop	on	TV—better	hours	and
more	 money—but	 Nick	 is	 content	 being	 a	 damn	 good	 detective	 and	 a	 notorious	 ladies’
man.
Nick	 and	 the	 Chief	 worked	 together	 on	 the	 last	 homicide,	 a	 drug-related	 murder	 on
Cato	 Lane.	 Nick	 spent	 the	 first	 fifteen	 years	 of	 his	 career	 in	 New	 Bedford,	 where	 the
streets	 were	 dangerous	 and	 the	 criminals	 hardened,	 but	 Nick	 doesn’t	 subscribe	 to	 the
tough-guy	shtick;	he	doesn’t	use	any	of	the	strong-arming	tactics	you	see	in	the	movies.
When	 Nick	 is	 questioning	 persons	 of	 interest,	 he	 is	 encouraging	 and	 empathetic;	 he
sometimes	tells	stories	about	his	ya-ya	back	in	Thessaloníki	who	wore	an	ugly	black	dress
and	uglier	black	shoes	every	day	after	his	grandfather	passed.	And	the	results	he	gets!	He
says	the	word	ya-ya	and	people	confess	to	everything.	The	guy’s	a	magician.
“Nicky,”	the	Chief	says.
“Chief,”	Nick	says.	He	nods	at	the	house.	“This	is	sad,	huh?	The	maid	of	honor.”
“Tragic,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 He’s	 dreading	 what	 he’s	 going	 to	 find	 inside.	 Not	 only	 is	 a
twenty-nine-year-old	woman	dead,	but	the	family	and	guests	have	to	be	questioned,	and
all	of	the	complicated,	costly	wedding	preparations	have	to	be	undone	without	destroying
the	integrity	of	the	crime	scene.
Before	the	Chief	left	his	house,	he	went	upstairs	to	find	Chloe	to	see	if	she	had	heard
the	news.	She	had	been	in	the	bathroom.	Through	the	closed	door,	the	Chief	had	heard	the
sound	of	her	vomiting.
He’d	knocked.	“You	okay?”
“Yeah,”	she	said.	“I’m	fine.”
Fine,	the	Chief	thought.	Meaning	she’d	spent	her	postshift	hours	on	the	beach	drinking
Bud	Light	and	doing	shots	of	Fireball.
He	had	kissed	Andrea	good-bye	in	the	kitchen	and	said,	“I	think	Chloe	was	drinking
last	night.”
Andrea	sighed.	“I’ll	talk	to	her.”
Talking	 to	 Chloe	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 help,	 the	 Chief	 thought.	 She	 needed	 a	 new	 job—
shelving	 books	 at	 the	 children’s	 library	 or	 counting	 plover	 eggs	 out	 on	 Smith’s	 Point.
Something	that	would	keep	her	out	of	trouble,	not	lead	her	right	to	it.

The	 Chief	 and	 Nick	 walk	 past	 the	 left	 side	 of	 the	 main	 house	 onto	 the	 lawn,	 where	 an
enormous	 tent	 has	 been	 erected.	 They	 find	 the	 guys	 from	 forensics	 inside	 the	 tent,	 one
bagging,	 one	 photographing.	 Nick	 heads	 down	 to	 the	 beach	 to	 check	 out	 the	 body;	 the
Chief	sees	that	the	girl	has	been	left	just	shy	of	the	waterline	but	she’ll	need	to	be	moved
to	the	hospital	morgue	as	soon	as	possible	on	this	hot	a	day.	Inside	the	tent,	there	is	one
round	table	surrounded	by	four	white	banquet	chairs.	In	the	middle	of	the	table	is	a	nearly
empty	bottle	of	Mount	Gay	Black	Barrel	rum	and	four	shot	glasses,	two	of	them	on	their
sides.	There’s	half	a	quahog	shell	that	served	as	an	ashtray	for	someone’s	cigar.	A	Romeo
y	Julieta.	Cuban.
One	of	the	forensics	guys,	Randy,	is	bagging	a	pair	of	silver	sandals.
“Where	did	you	find	those?”	the	Chief	asks.
“Under	 that	 chair,”	 Randy	 says,	 pointing.	 “Connor	 has	 a	 picture	 of	 them.	 Size	 eight
Mystique	sandals.	I’m	no	shoe	salesman,	but	I’m	guessing	they	belonged	to	the	deceased.
We’ll	confirm.”
Nick	returns.	“The	girl	has	a	nasty	gash	on	her	foot,”	he	says.	“And	I	noticed	there’s	a
trail	of	blood	in	the	sand.”
“Any	blood	on	the	sandals?”	the	Chief	asks	Randy.
“No,	sir,”	Randy	says.
“Took	off	her	shoes,	cut	her	foot	on	a	shell,	maybe,”	Nick	says.
“Well,	she	didn’t	die	of	a	cut	on	her	foot,”	the	Chief	says.	“Unless	she	swam	out	too	far
and	couldn’t	get	back	in	because	of	the	foot?”
“That	doesn’t	sound	right,”	Nick	says.	“There’s	also	a	two-person	kayak	overturned	on
the	beach,	one	oar	a	few	yards	away	lying	in	the	sand.	No	blood	on	the	kayak.”
The	Chief	takes	a	breath.	The	day	is	still;	there’s	no	breeze	off	the	water.	It’s	going	to
be	hot	and	buggy.	They	need	to	get	the	body	out	of	here,	pronto.	They	need	to	start	their
questioning,	try	to	figure	out	what	happened.	He	remembers	what	Dickson	said	about	the
best	 man	 being	 missing.	 Hopefully	 that	 situation	 has	 resolved	 itself.	 “Let’s	 go	 up	 to	 the
house,”	he	says.
“Should	we	divide	and	conquer?”	the	Greek	asks.
“I’ll	take	the	men,	you	take	the	women,”	the	Chief	says.	Nick	works	wonders	with	the
women.
Nick	nods.	“Deal.”
As	they’re	approaching	the	steps	of	the	front	porch,	Bob	from	Old	Salt	Taxi	pulls	up	in
the	driveway	and	a	kid	in	his	twenties	climbs	out.	He’s	wearing	Nantucket	Reds	shorts,	a
blue	oxford,	a	navy	blazer,	and	loafers;	he	has	a	large	duffel	in	one	hand	and	a	garment
bag	in	the	other.	His	hair	is	mussed	and	he	needs	a	shave.
“Who	is	this	guy?”	Nick	asks	under	his	breath.

“Late	 to	 the	 party,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 He	 waves	 to	 Bob	 as	 Bob	 reverses	 out	 of	 the
driveway.
The	kid	gives	the	Chief	and	Nick	an	uneasy	smile.	“What’s	going	on?”	he	asks.
Nick	says,	“You	part	of	the	wedding?”
“Best	man,”	the	kid	says.	“Shooter	Uxley.	Did	something	happen?”
Nick	looks	to	the	Chief.	The	Chief	nods	ever	so	slightly	and	tries	not	to	let	the	relief
show	on	his	face.	One	mystery	is	solved.
“The	maid	of	honor	is	dead,”	Nick	says.
The	 bags	 hit	 the	 ground,	 and	 the	 kid—Shooter	 Uxley;	 what	 a	 name—goes	 pale.
“What?”	he	says.	“Wait…	what?”
Initial	questioning,	Roger	Pelton,	Saturday,	July	7,	7:00	a.m.
The	Chief	meets	Roger	Pelton	in	the	driveway.	The	two	men	shake	hands,	and	the	Chief
grips	 Roger’s	 arm	 in	 a	 show	 of	 friendship	 and	 support.	 Roger	 has	 been	 married	 to	 Rita
since	 the	 Bronze	 Age,	 and	 they	 have	 five	 kids,	 all	 grown.	 Roger	 has	 been	 running	 his
wedding	business	for	over	ten	years;	before	that,	he	was	a	successful	general	contractor.
Roger	 Pelton	 is	 as	 solid	 a	 human	 being	 as	 God	 has	 ever	 put	 on	 this	 earth.	 He	 was	 in
Vietnam	too,	the	Chief	remembers,	where	he	received	a	Purple	Heart	and	a	Bronze	Star.
He’s	an	unlikely	candidate	to	be	Nantucket’s	most	in-demand	wedding	planner,	but	he	has
a	gift	for	it	that	has	resulted	in	a	booming	business.
Right	 now,	 Roger	 looks	 shaken.	 His	 face	 is	 pale	 and	 sweaty;	 his	 shoulders	 are
drooping.
“I’m	sorry	about	this,	Roger,”	the	Chief	says.	“It	must	have	come	as	a	terrible	shock.”
“I	thought	I’d	seen	it	all,”	Roger	says.	“I’ve	had	brides	turn	around	halfway	down	the
aisle;	I’ve	had	grooms	not	show	up;	I’ve	caught	couples	having	sex	in	church	bathrooms.
I’ve	had	mothers	of	brides	slapping	mothers	of	grooms.	I’ve	had	fathers	who	refused	to
pay	 my	 bills	 and	 fathers	 who	 tipped	 me	 five	 grand.	 I’ve	 had	 hurricanes,	 thunderstorms,
heat	waves,	fog,	and,	once,	hail.	I’ve	had	brides	vomit	and	faint;	I	even	had	a	groomsman
eat	 a	 mussel	 and	 go	 into	 anaphylactic	 shock.	 But	 I’ve	 never	 had	 anyone	 die.	 I	 met	 the
maid	 of	 honor	 only	 briefly	 so	 I	 can’t	 give	 you	 any	 information	 other	 than	 that	 she	 was
Celeste’s	best	friend.”
“Celeste?”	the	Chief	says.
“Celeste	Otis	is	the	bride,”	Roger	says.	“She’s	pretty	and	smart,	but	on	this	island	I	see
a	 lot	 of	 pretty	 and	 smart.	 More	 notably,	 Celeste	 loves	 her	 parents	 and	 she’s	 kind	 and
patient	with	her	future	in-laws.	She’s	humble.	Any	idea	how	rare	humility	is	when	you’re
dealing	with	Nantucket	brides?”
“Rare?”	the	Chief	asks.

“Rare,”	Roger	says.	“I	hate	that	this	happened	on	her	wedding	day.	She	was	a	complete
mess.”
“Let’s	try	to	figure	out	what	happened,”	the	Chief	says.	“I’m	starting	with	you	because
I	know	you	have	work	to	do.”	The	Chief	leads	Roger	over	to	a	white	wrought-iron	bench
tucked	under	an	arbor	that	is	dripping	with	New	Dawn	roses	and	they	both	sit	down.
“Tell	me	what	you	saw	when	you	got	here,”	the	Chief	says.	“From	the	beginning.”
“I	pulled	in	about	quarter	to	six,”	Roger	says.	“The	rental	company	was	supposed	to
leave	seventeen	rounds	and	a	hundred	and	seventy-five	folding	chairs.	I	wanted	to	doublecheck	the	numbers,	see	how	the	dance	floor	settled,	make	sure	there	hadn’t	been	any	afterhours	partying.	Standard	stuff.”
“Understood,”	the	Chief	says.
“As	soon	as	I	got	out	of	my	car,	I	heard	screaming,”	Roger	says.	“And	I	realized	right
away	that	it	was	Celeste.	I	thought	something	had	happened	to	her	mother.”	Roger	pauses.
“Celeste’s	 mother,	 Karen	 Otis,	 is	 very	 sick—cancer.	 Anyway,	 I	 could	 tell	 just	 from	 the
kind	 of	 scream	 that	 someone	 was	 dead.	 It	 had	 that	 urgency.	So	I	go	charging	out	to	the
front	of	the	house	and	there’s	poor	Celeste	trying	to	pull	her	friend	out	of	the	water	by	the
arms.	One	look	at	her,	I	knew	the	girl	was	dead,	but	I	helped	Celeste	drag	her	up	onto	the
beach	and	then	I	tried	to	revive	her.”
“CPR?”
“I	tried,”	Roger	says.	“I…	tried.	But	she	was	dead	when	I	found	her,	Ed.	That	much	I
know.”
“So	why	bother	with	CPR,	then?”
“I	 thought	 maybe.	 I	 had	 to	 try	 something.	 Celeste	 was	 begging	 me	 to	 save	 her.	 You
have	to	save	her,	she	said.	You	have	to	save	her!”	Roger	drops	his	head	in	his	hands.	“She
was	dead.	There	was	no	bringing	her	back.”
“Then	you	called	911?”
“I	had	dropped	my	phone	in	the	driveway	so	I	used	Celeste’s	phone,”	Roger	says.	“The
paramedics	came	in	six	minutes.	They	tried	CPR	as	well.	Then	the	police	came.	Sergeant
Dickson.	Together,	he	and	I	knocked	on	the	front	door	of	the	house.”
“And	who	answered?	Who	did	you	tell?”
“Greer	 Garrison,	 the	 groom’s	 mother.	 She	 and	 her	 husband,	 Tag	 Winbury,	 own	 the
house.	Greer	was	already	awake.	She	was	holding	a	cup	of	coffee.”
“She	 was?	 You’re	 sure	 about	 that?”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “She	 was	 awake	 but	 didn’t	 hear
Celeste	 screaming	 and	 didn’t	 notice	 you	 pulling	 a	 body	 out	 of	 the	 water	 in	 front	 of	 her
house?	With	all	of	those	giant	windows,	she	didn’t	notice?	She	didn’t	hear	the	sirens	or
see	the	lights	when	the	paramedics	arrived?”
“Apparently	not.	She	had	no	idea	anything	was	wrong	when	I	knocked.”

“When	you	told	her,	what	did	she	do?”
“She	 started	 to	 shake,”	 Roger	 says.	 “Her	 coffee	 spilled.	 Dickson	 had	 to	 take	 it	 from
her.”
“So	it’s	fair	to	say	she	seemed	shocked	and	upset?”	the	Chief	says.
“Oh	yes,”	Roger	says.	“Mr.	Winbury	came	to	see	what	the	ruckus	was	and	I	told	him	as
well.	He	thought	we	were	kidding.”
“Kidding,”	the	Chief	says.
“Everyone	 reacts	 differently,	 but	 the	 first	 emotion	 is,	 of	 course,	 shock	 and	 disbelief.
Celeste	was	still	screaming.	She	went	into	one	of	the	guest	cottages	to	wake	up	Benji—
he’s	 the	 groom—and	 he	 tried	 to	 calm	 Celeste	 down	 but	 she	 was	 beyond	 helping.	 She
was…	 well.	 Sergeant	 Dickson	 told	 the	 EMTs	 to	 take	 her	 to	 the	 ER.”	 Roger	 shakes	 his
head.	“I	feel	for	her.	It’s	supposed	to	be	the	happiest	day	of	her	life	and	instead…	her	best
friend…”
The	Chief	flashes	back	to	the	day	he	found	out	Tess	and	Greg	were	dead.	He	had	gone
right	 to	 the	 beach	 to	 find	 Andrea.	 Sometimes,	 in	 the	 dark	 of	 night,	 he	 can	 still	 hear	 the
sound	Andrea	made	when	he	told	her	that	Tess	was	gone.
“There	 is	 nothing	 worse	 than	 the	 sudden,	 unexpected	 death	 of	 a	 young	 person,”	 the
Chief	says.
“Amen,”	Roger	says.	“Anyway,	while	the	family	gathered	inside,	I	made	phone	calls—
the	 caterers,	 the	 church,	 the	 musicians,	 the	 Steamship	 Authority,	 the	 photographer,	 the
chauffeur.	I	called	everyone.”	Roger	looks	at	his	watch.	“And	I	hate	to	say	this,	but	I	have
two	other	weddings	today.”
The	Chief	nods.	“We’ll	get	you	out	of	here.	I	just	wanted	to	ask	if	you	noticed	anything
odd	or	peculiar	or	suspicious	or	noteworthy	about	the	bride	or	the	groom	or	the	family	or
any	of	the	guests.	Did	anything	or	anyone	strike	you?”
“Just	one	thing,”	Roger	says.	“And	it’s	probably	nothing.”
Probably	nothing	is	usually	something,	the	Chief	thinks.
“What’s	that?”	he	asks.
“Celeste…”	Roger	says.	“She	had	her	purse	and	her	overnight	bag	out	on	the	beach.
And	 she	 was	 fully	 dressed.	 She	 was	 wearing	 her	 going-away	 outfit,	 the	 one	 she	 was
supposed	to	wear	on	Sunday.”
“And	you’re	wondering…”
“I’m	wondering	why	she	was	wearing	it	this	morning.	I’m	wondering	why	she	had	her
purse	and	her	overnight	bag.	I’m	wondering	why	she	was	awake	at	quarter	to	six	in	the
morning,	dressed	that	way,	on	the	beach.”
“We’ll	 ask	 her,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “It	 does	 seem	 odd.”	 He	 thinks	 about	 what	 Roger	 is
telling	him.	“Maybe	she	and	the	groom	had	decided	to	elope	at	the	last	minute?”

“I	 thought	 that	 too,	 but	 her	 parents	 are	 here…	 her	 mother…	 something	 about	 that
doesn’t	 feel	 right	 to	 me.	 But	 she’s	 such	 a	 good	 kid,	 Ed.	 I’m	 sure	 there’s	 a	 logical
explanation.	It’s	probably	nothing.”
Initial	questioning,	Abigail	Freeman	Winbury,	Saturday,	July	7,	7:15	a.m.
Nick’s	choices	with	the	women	are	sparse.	The	bride,	Celeste,	has	gone	to	the	hospital;	the
mother	of	the	groom,	Greer	Garrison,	is	busy	on	the	phone	contacting	guests	to	relay	the
tragic	news;	and	the	mother	of	the	bride,	who	is	quite	sick,	is	still	in	bed.	It’s	unclear	if	she
has	even	learned	what’s	happened.
This	leaves	Abigail	Freeman	Winbury—Abby—who	is	the	bridesmaid	and	the	wife	of
the	groom’s	brother.
Abby	 is	 short	 with	 auburn	 hair	 cut	 bluntly	 at	 the	 shoulders.	 She	 has	 brown	 eyes	 and
freckles.	She	is	cute,	Nick	thinks,	but	not	beautiful.	When	she	walks	into	the	formal	living
room	 where	 Nick	 is	 doing	 the	 questioning—it	 has	 glass	 doors	 that	 close,	 sealing	 it	 off
from	the	hallway,	the	stairs,	and	the	rest	of	the	house—she	is	holding	her	breasts	up	with
her	hands.	Nick	blinks.	It’s	okay;	he	has	seen	stranger	things.
“Hi,	Abby,	I’m	Nick	Diamantopoulos,	a	detective	with	the	Massachusetts	State	Police.
Thank	you	for	talking	with	me.”
Abby	lets	go	of	her	breasts	to	shake	his	hand.	“Just	so	you	know,	I’m	pregnant.	Fifteen
weeks	along.	I	had	an	amnio	a	few	days	ago,	and	the	baby’s	fine.	It’s	a	boy.”
“Oh,”	Nick	says.	That,	at	least,	explains	why	she	was	holding	her	breasts.	Right?	Nick
doesn’t	have	children,	and	he	has	never	been	married,	but	his	sister,	Helena,	has	three	kids
and	what	Nick	remembers	from	Helena’s	pregnancies	is	that	a	certain	amount	of	personal
dignity	 goes	 out	 the	 window.	 Helena,	 who	 had	 always	 been	 rather	 private	 and	 discreet
about	 her	 body	 and	 its	 functions,	 had	 complained	 about	 her	 aching	 (and	 then	 leaking)
breasts	as	well	as	the	frequency	with	which	she	had	to	pee.	“Well,	congratulations.”
Abby	gives	Nick	a	tired	but	victorious	smile.	“Thank	you,”	she	says.	“It’ll	be	the	first
Winbury	heir.	That’s	important,	I	guess,	to	British	people.”
Nick	 says,	 “I	 have	 some	 water	 here,	 if	 you’d	 like	 any.	 I’m	 sure	 you	 must	 be	 pretty
shaken	up.”
Abby	takes	a	seat	on	the	sofa	and	Nick	sits	in	a	chair	opposite	her	so	he	can	face	her.
“My	stomach	has	been	funny	for	weeks,”	she	says.	“And	this	news	is	so	terrible.	I	can’t
believe	 it’s	 real.	 This	 feels	 like	 a	 movie,	 you	 know?	 Or	 a	 dream.	 Merritt	 is	 dead.	 She’s
dead.”	 She	 pours	 herself	 a	 glass	 of	 water	 but	 doesn’t	 drink.	 “So	 do	 we	 know…	 is	 the
wedding	canceled?”
Nick	 says,	 “Yes,	 I	 believe	 so.”	 That’s	 what	 he	 overheard	 Greer	 saying	 on	 the	 phone,
he’s	pretty	sure.	That	they’re	canceling	the	wedding.
“Okay,”	 Abby	 says,	 but	 she	 sounds	 a	 little	 deflated.	 “I	 figured.	 I	 mean,	 Merritt	 is

Celeste’s	best	friend,	her	only	friend,	really,	and	she’s	dead.”	Abby	shakes	her	head	as	if	to
clear	it.	“Obviously	the	wedding	is	canceled.	I	don’t	know	why	I	even	asked.	You	must
think	I’m	some	kind	of	monster.”
“Not	at	all,”	Nick	says.	“I’m	sure	it’s	come	as	a	shock.”
“Shock,”	Abby	says.	“The	wedding	is	a	big	deal—very	expensive,	you	know,	for	Tag
and	 Greer—and	 Celeste’s	 mother	 isn’t	 well	 and	 I	 just	 wasn’t	 sure	 if…	 if	 maybe	 they
would	just	go	through	with	it	anyway.	But	of	course	not.	Of	course	not.	Please	don’t	tell
anyone	I	asked.”
“I	won’t,”	Nick	says.
“So…	what	happened?”	Abby	asks.	“You’re	a	detective?	Do	you	think	someone	killed
Merritt?	Like	a	murder?”
“By	law,	with	unattended	deaths,	we	have	to	rule	out	foul	play,”	 Nick	 says.	 “So	 I’m
going	to	ask	you	some	questions.	Easy	questions.	Just	answer	as	honestly	as	you	can.”
“Of	course,	of	course.	I	just…	I	can’t	believe	this.	I	can’t	believe	this	is	happening.	I
mean,	intellectually	my	mind	knows	it’s	happening,	but	my	heart	is	resisting.	She’s	dead.”
Nick	says,	“Tell	me	what	you	know	about	Merritt.”
“I’m	not	really	the	best	person	to	ask,”	Abby	says.	“I	only	just	met	her	in	May.	We	had
a	little	bachelorette	weekend	here	and	it	was	the	three	of	us—me,	Celeste,	and	Merritt.”
“That’s	all?”	Nick	says.	“Nobody	else?”
“Well,	Tag	and	Greer	were	here.	Greer	kind	of	arranged	it,	just	like	she	arranged	the
rest	 of	 the	 wedding.	 So	 my	 in-laws	 were	 here,	 but,	 like…	 no	 other	 women.	 It’s	 kind	 of
weird?	Celeste	doesn’t	have	a	lot	of	close	female	friends.	When	I	got	married,	I	had	eleven
bridesmaids.	 Some	 from	 St.	 Stephen’s,	 some	 from	 UT.	 I	 was	 president	 of	 the	 Tri	 Delts,
that	was	my	sorority.	I	could	have	had	thirty	bridesmaids.	But	Celeste	had	only	Merritt,
who	was	a	friend	she	met	in	New	York.	Merritt	does	PR	for	the	zoo	where	Celeste	works.”
“Merritt	 worked	 in	 public	 relations,”	 Nick	 says.	 “And	 Celeste,	 the	 bride,	 works	 at	 a
zoo,	you	say?”
“Celeste	 is	 the	 assistant	 director	 of	 the	 Bronx	 Zoo,”	 Abby	 says.	 “She	 knows	 a	 ton
about	animals,	like	genus	and	species	and	mating	rituals	and	migration	patterns.”
“Impressive.”
“And	 she’s	 only	 twenty-eight,	 which	 I	 guess	 is	 unusual	 in	 that	 world.	 Merritt
discovered	 her,	 in	 a	 sense.	 She	 chose	 Celeste	 as	 the	 face	 of	 the	 entire	 Wildlife
Conservation	Society.	Celeste’s	picture	is	in	the	zoo	brochure,	and	Merritt’s	big	dream	was
to	 get	 Celeste’s	 face	 on	 a	 billboard,	 but	 Celeste	 said	 no	 to	 that.	 Celeste	 is	 pretty
conservative.	 They’re	 a	 funny	 match,	 actually—Celeste	 and	 Merritt—like	 the	 Odd
Couple.	Were	a	funny	match.	Sorry.”	Abby	mists	up	and	waves	a	hand	in	front	of	her	face.
“I	 can’t	 let	 myself	 get	 worked	 up	 about	 this	 because	 of	 the	 baby.	 I’ve	 had	 four
miscarriages…”

“I’m	sorry	to	hear	that,”	Nick	says.
“But	poor	Celeste.	She	must	be	devastated.”
Nick	leans	forward	to	make	eye	contact	with	Abby.	“The	best	way	we	can	help	Celeste
now	is	to	figure	out	what	happened	to	her	friend.	When	you	say	that	Celeste	and	Merritt
were	like	the	Odd	Couple,	what	do	you	mean?”
“Oh,	just	that	they	were	opposites.	Like,	complete	opposites.”
“How	so?”
“Well,	start	with	their	looks.	Celeste	is	blond	and	fair,	and	Merritt	had	dark	hair	and
olive	skin.	Celeste	goes	to	bed	early	and	Merritt	likes	to	stay	up	late.	Merritt	has	a	second
job—had,	sorry—a	second	job	as	an	influencer.”
“Influencer?”	Nick	says.
“On	 social	 media?”	 Abby	 says.	 “She	 has	 something	 like	 eighty	 thousand	 Instagram
followers	who	are	all	just	like	her—beautiful	urban	Millennials—and	so	Merritt	gets	perks
for	building	brand	awareness	with	her	posts.	She	gets	free	clothes,	free	bags,	free	makeup;
she	eats	at	all	of	these	hot	new	restaurants,	goes	to	velvet-rope	clubs,	and	works	out	at	La
Palestra	for	free,	all	because	she	features	them	on	her	Instagram	account.”
“Nice	work	if	you	can	get	it,”	Nick	says.
“I	 know,	 right?”	 Abby	 says.	 “Merritt	 is…	 was	 a	 social	 media	 goddess.	 But	 Celeste
doesn’t	even	have	a	Facebook	account.	When	I	heard	that,	I	couldn’t	believe	it.	I	thought
everyone	had	a	Facebook	account.	I	thought	people	were,	like,	given	one	at	birth.”
“I’m	with	Celeste,”	Nick	says.	He	once	dated	a	woman	who	tried	to	get	him	to	set	up	a
Facebook	profile	but	the	idea	of	reporting	his	whereabouts,	his	activities,	and,	worst	of	all,
the	company	he	was	keeping	didn’t	appeal	to	him.	Nick	is	a	confirmed	bachelor;	he	plays
the	 field.	 Facebook	 would	 be	 a	 liability.	 Speaking	 of	 which…	 “What	 about	 boyfriends?
Did	Merritt	have	a	boyfriend	that	you	know	of?”
Abby	gives	him	an	uneasy	look.	One	of	the	reasons	Nick	is	so	successful	with	women
is	that	he	has	learned	to	listen	not	only	to	what	they	are	saying	but	also	to	what	they’re	not
saying.	It’s	a	talent	taught	to	him	by	his	mother,	his	ya-ya,	and	his	sister.	Abby	sustains
eye	 contact	 long	 enough	 that	 he	 thinks	 she’s	 trying	 to	 tell	 him	 something,	 but	 then	 she
shakes	her	head.	“I	couldn’t	say	for	sure.	You’d	have	to	ask	Celeste.”
“Abby?”	Nick	says.	“Do	you	know	something	you’re	not	telling	me?”
Abby	takes	a	sip	of	water,	then	looks	around	the	room	as	though	she’s	never	been	there
before.	It’s	not	a	room	that	appears	to	get	much	use.	The	walls	and	trim	are	impeccably
white,	as	are	the	half-moon	sofa	and	modern	egg-shaped	chairs.	There	are	three	paintings
on	the	wall,	bright	rainbow	stripes—one	diamond,	one	circle,	one	hexagon—and	there	are
sculptures	that	look	like	Tinkertoys	made	out	of	steel	and	wooden	spheres.	There’s	a	black
grand	 piano;	 the	 top	 is	 covered	 with	 framed	 photographs.	 On	 a	 low	 glass	 table	 sits	 a
coffee-table	 book	 about	 Nantucket,	 which	 seems	 redundant	 to	 Nick.	 If	 you	 want	 to	 see
Nantucket,	go	outside.	You’re	here.

“She	 came	 to	 the	 wedding	 alone,”	 Abby	 says.	 “Which	 tells	 me	 that	 either	 she	 didn’t
want	to	be	tied	down	or	she	had	set	her	sights	on	someone	who	would	already	be	at	the
wedding.”
Ahhh,	Nick	thinks.	Now	they’re	getting	somewhere.	“Someone	like	who?”
“That’s	 another	 way	 they’re	 opposite!”	 Abby	 says.	 “Benji	 is	 Celeste’s	 first	 real
boyfriend.	And	Merritt…	well,	she’s	been	with	a	bunch	of	people,	I’m	pretty	sure.”
“But	no	one	seriously?”	Nick	asks.	He	senses	Abby	trying	to	change	the	subject.	“If
you	 ladies	 went	 out	 on	 the	 town	 for	 a	 bachelorette	 party,	 you	 must	 have	 shared	 some
confidences,	right?”
“And	 also?”	 Abby	 says.	 “Their	 parents.	 Celeste	 is	 super-close	 to	 her	 parents.	 Like,
abnormally	close.	Well,	that	might	be	unfair	to	say	because	her	mother	has	cancer.	Let	me
restate:	Celeste	is	very	close	to	her	parents,	whereas	Merritt	hasn’t	talked	to	her	parents	in
six	or	seven	years,	I	think	she	said.”
This	does	succeed	in	capturing	Nick’s	attention	because	of	the	next-of-kin	issue.	“Do
you	know	where	her	parents	live?”
“No	clue,”	Abby	says.	“She’s	from	Long	Island	but	not	one	of	the	fashionable	parts,
not	the	Hamptons	or	anything.	She	has	a	brother,	I	think	she	said.	Again,	you’d	have	to
ask	Celeste.”
“Let’s	go	back	to	your	previous	statement,”	Nick	says.	“Do	you	think	maybe	Merritt
was	 involved	 with	 someone	 who	 was	 attending	 the	 wedding	 and	 that’s	 why	 she	 didn’t
bring	a	date?”
“Can	I	please	use	the	ladies’	room?”	Abby	asks.
“Excuse	me?”	Nick	says.	He’s	pretty	sure	she’s	using	the	bathroom	break	to	wiggle	out
of	answering	the	question—but	then	he	remembers	Helena.	“Oh,	yes.	Certainly.”

Saturday,	October	22,	2016

CELESTE

Blair	 Parrish,	 the	 head	 herpetologist	 at	 the	 Bronx	 Zoo’s	 World	 of	 Reptiles,	 is	 a
hypochondriac.	She’s	“sick”	more	often	than	can	reasonably	be	believed.	She	calls	in	sick
on	 a	 Saturday—by	 far	 the	 zoo’s	 busiest	 day—and	 Celeste	 assigns	 Donner	 from	 the
Aquatic	 Bird	 House	 to	 cover	 Blair’s	 ten	 o’clock	 snake	 talk.	 Donner	 complains	 about	 it
(he’s	 an	 expert	 on	 Magellanic	 penguins	 and	 literally	 nothing	 else),	 so	 Celeste	 assigns
Karsang	from	the	Himalayan	Highlands	to	cover	Blair’s	one	o’clock	snake	talk	and	then
she,	Celeste,	covers	the	three	o’clock	snake	talk	even	though	handling	snakes	is	her	least
favorite	task	at	the	zoo.	Celeste’s	specialty	is	primates,	but	as	the	assistant	zoo	director—
the	 youngest	 in	 the	 entire	 country—it’s	 her	 job	 to	 keep	 the	 peace,	 maintain	 routine,	 and
lead	by	example	as	a	team	player.
Celeste	is	experienced	enough	to	know	that	the	three	o’clock	talk	in	any	area	of	the	zoo
can	 be	 a	 mixed	 bag.	 Ten	 o’clock	 talks	 are	 routinely	 the	 best;	 the	 kids	 are	 still	 fresh,	 the
parents	 or	 caregivers	 bright-eyed	 and	 optimistic.	 One	 o’clock	 talks	 are	 nearly	 always	 a
catastrophe;	that’s	the	only	way	Celeste	can	describe	it	to	Merritt	via	their	work	phones
without	using	profanity.	At	one	o’clock	the	kids	are	either	impatient	for	lunch	or	they’ve
just	eaten	and	they	are	high	on	sugar	and	often	have	sticky	hands	and	faces.	Three	o’clock
talks	can	go	either	way.	It’s	usually	made	up	of	older	children,	as	younger	kids	have	gone
home	for	their	naps	by	then,	and,	in	general,	the	older	kids	are,	the	better	their	behavior.
However,	the	three	o’clock	talk	is	often	populated	by	people	who	simply	couldn’t	get	their
acts	together	early	enough	in	the	day	to	make	the	ten	o’clock	or	the	one	o’clock.
Celeste	enters	the	World	of	Reptiles	at	ten	minutes	to	three.	She	isn’t	crazy	about	the
smell	of	the	place;	it	has	a	musty,	lizardy	stink	that	she	knows	will	cling	to	her	hair	and
clothes,	and	more	than	likely,	she’ll	offend	people	on	the	bus	ride	home.	As	the	assistant
zoo	director,	Celeste	wears	regular	business	clothes	instead	of	a	uniform,	but	for	this	talk,
she	 buttons	 an	 army-green	 zoo-issued	 shirt	 over	 her	 black	 turtleneck	 and	 houndstooth
pencil	skirt,	and	because	she	feels	weird	wearing	her	good	work	shoes	(suede	kitten	heels
from	Nine	West	that	Merritt	helped	her	pick	out)	into	the	World	of	Reptiles,	she	switches
them	out	for	her	running	shoes,	which	she	keeps	in	her	work	locker	for	the	commute.	She
looks	ridiculous,	she	realizes,	but	the	kids	are	coming	to	see	the	snakes,	not	her.
There’s	 already	 one	 couple	 waiting	 for	 the	 snake	 talk	 to	 begin.	 Genus:	 European,
Celeste	 thinks.	 Species:	 Swedish?	Norwegian?	 Their	 natural	 habitat	 includes	 fjords	 and
midnight	sun,	steam	saunas,	and	lingonberry	bushes.	They’re	both	tall	and	hearty	and	have
bushy,	 straw-colored	 hair.	 The	 man	 has	 a	 prodigious	 beard;	 the	 woman	 wears	 rimless
spectacles.	 They	 both	 wear	 Birkenstocks	 over	 thick	 woolen	 socks.	 The	 woman	 pulls	 a
piece	 of	 jerky	 out	 of	 a	 fanny	 pack	 and	 hands	 it	 to	 the	 man,	 and	 Celeste	 thinks	 about
reprimanding	them.	There’s	no	eating	in	the	World	of	Reptiles,	and	outside	food	and	drink

are	forbidden	throughout	the	zoo—but	it’s	the	last	talk	of	the	day	and	Celeste	doesn’t	want
to	be	a	Debbie	Downer.
A	few	minutes	before	three	o’clock	a	man	and	woman	walk	in	with	a	little	girl.	She’s
about	seven,	Celeste	guesses	(she	has	become	proficient	at	pegging	children’s	ages,	often
down	 to	 the	 month).	 The	 little	 girl	 has	 Shirley	 Temple	 curls,	 the	 kind	 you	 want	 to	 pull
straight	 just	 for	 the	 sheer	 joy	 of	 watching	 them	 bounce	 back.	 The	 couple	 are	 giving	 off
static	and	Celeste	gathers	from	the	set	of	the	woman’s	jaw	and	from	the	angry	whispers
that	are	flying	over	the	little	girl’s	head	that	they’re	arguing.	As	Celeste	reaches	into	the
first	tank	to	retrieve	Molly	the	milk	snake,	she	eavesdrops.	The	woman	wants	the	man	to
meet	“Laney	and	Casper”	for	dinner	at	Root	and	Bone	tonight,	but	the	man	reminds	her
that	 he	 has	 promised	 to	 have	 dinner	 at	 his	 parents’	 apartment	 because	 his	 parents	 are
leaving	for	Barbados	on	Monday	and	will	then	be	in	London	through	the	holidays	so	he
can’t	cancel	or	postpone.
The	woman—her	hair	very	blond	with	tinges	of	silver	but	intentional	silver,	not	aged
silver,	which	makes	her	look	like	she	belongs	in	a	science-fiction	movie—says,	“You	act
like	a	minion	around	your	parents.	It’s	pathetic	to	watch.”
The	little	girl	turns	her	face	up.	“Who’s	a	minion,	Mommy?”
Science-fiction	 Mother	 snaps,	 “I	 wasn’t	 addressing	 you,	 Miranda.	 I’m	 trying	 to
conduct	an	adult	conversation	with	Benji.”
Benji	 catches	 Celeste’s	 eye	 and	 smiles	 apologetically.	 “This	 nice	 woman	 is	 going	 to
teach	us	about	snakes,	Miranda,”	he	says.
Miranda’s	eyes	widen.	The	mother	huffs	and	Celeste	smiles	indulgently	as	if	to	convey
that	 she	 knows	 how	 tedious	 trips	 to	 the	 zoo	 can	 be.	 The	 things	 parents	 do	 for	 their
children!	The	fighting	couple	are	expensively	dressed,	lots	of	suede	and	cashmere,	a	nice
watch	on	the	man,	ballet	flats	on	the	woman,	and	she	carries	some	kind	of	designer	bag.
(Merritt	would	be	able	to	identify	not	only	the	designer	but	also	the	year;	she	feels	about
bags	 the	 way	 that	 most	 men	 feel	 about	 Corvettes.)	 Genus:	 Manhattan,	 Celeste	 thinks.
Species:	Upper	East	Side.	Their	natural	habitat	includes	doormen	and	cabs,	private	school
and	Bergdorf’s.
It’s	a	typical	sighting	here	at	the	Bronx	Zoo.
Just	as	Celeste	is	about	to	begin—she	reviewed	Blair’s	notes	over	her	lunch	break—a
group	of	boys	in	their	late	teens	wander	in;	they	carry	the	unmistakable	scent	of	marijuana
smoke.	Celeste	raises	her	eyebrows.	“Are	you	guys	here	for	the	snake	talk?”	she	asks.	It
seems	like	they	might	have	been	lighting	up	elsewhere	in	Pelham	Park	and	stumbled	into
the	World	of	Reptiles	by	mistake.
“Yeah,”	the	one	wearing	a	fluorescent-orange	knit	hat	says.	“You’ve	got	an	anaconda
in	here,	right?”
“We	do,	but	I	don’t	handle	him,”	Celeste	says.	“He’s	way	too	big.”
“I	have	a	big	anaconda	too,”	the	boy	says.	“But	you	can	handle	it	anytime.”

Celeste	smiles	patiently.	No	wonder	Blair	is	so	prone	to	migraines.
Benji	turns	on	the	kid	and	says,	“Hey.	Respect	the	lady,	please.”
My	hero,	Celeste	thinks.	She	doesn’t	want	the	situation	to	escalate	so	she	says,	“Let’s
get	started.	I’m	Celeste	Otis,	the	assistant	zoo	director,	but	today	I’m	wearing	my	World	of
Reptiles	hat.	And	this	is	Molly,	one	of	our	two	milk	snakes.	Milk	snakes	aren’t	venomous
or	otherwise	dangerous	to	humans;	however,	they	do	closely	resemble	coral	snakes,	which
are	deadly.	 This	 resemblance,	 known	 as	 Batesian	 mimicry,	 is	 one	 of	 the	 ways	 the	 milk
snake	protects	itself	in	the	wild.”
She	 moves	 point	 by	 point	 through	 Blair’s	 spiel.	 All	 snakes	 are	 cold-blooded.	 Does
anyone	know	what	that	means?	She	smiles	at	Miranda’s	mother,	but	Miranda’s	mother	is
in	 silent-treatment	 mode,	 eyes	 drilling	 holes	 into	 the	 concrete	 somewhere	 over	 Celeste’s
shoulder,	arms	locked	across	her	chest.	She	keeps	sneaking	sideways	glances	at	Benji,	as
if	willing	him	to	notice	just	how	angry	she	is,	realize	just	how	unfair	it	is	that	he	won’t	go
to	dinner	with	Laney	and	Casper	because	he	committed	to	his	parents.	Benji’s	attention,
meanwhile,	is	fixed	on	Celeste.	He	listens	as	if	every	word	she	says	is	wildly	fascinating.
Snakes	 shed	 their	 skins	 once	 a	 year	 and	 when	 they	 do,	 their	 eyes	 grow	 cloudy.	 Snakes
smell	with	their	tongues.	Snakes	don’t	have	ears.
Benji	leans	down	to	Miranda.	“Isn’t	that	crazy?	Snakes	don’t	have	ears.”
Miranda	giggles.
“Some	people	think	snakes	are	slimy,”	Celeste	says.	“But	actually,	their	skin	is	dry	and
cool.	Would	anyone	like	to	touch	Molly?”	Celeste	holds	Molly	out	to	Miranda’s	mother,
who	backs	up	a	couple	of	steps.
“No,	thank	you,”	she	says.
“Oh,	come	on,	Jules,”	Benji	says.	“Be	a	sport.”
“I	don’t	want	to	touch	the	snake,”	Jules	says.
“There’s	 no	 reason	 to	 be	 afraid,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “Snakes	 have	 gotten	 a	 bad	 rap	 since
biblical	times,	but	Molly	is	quite	lovely.”
“I’m	not	afraid,”	Jules	says.	“How	dare	you	suggest	such	a	thing.”
“Whoa,”	the	stoner	in	the	orange	hat	says.
Celeste	thinks	of	apologizing	but	she	doesn’t	indulge	bratty	behavior	in	children	and
she	won’t	indulge	it	in	their	parents	either.	 To	 prove	 a	 point,	 she	 holds	 the	 snake	 out	 to
Miranda.	“Let’s	show	Mommy	how	brave	you	are,”	she	says.
Miranda	eagerly	reaches	out	a	hand	to	stroke	Molly.
“Look	at	that,”	Celeste	says.	“I	think	she	likes	you.”
Jules	storms	out	of	the	World	of	Reptiles.
Celeste	 sighs.	 She	 has	 a	 long-running	 joke	 with	 her	 boss,	 Zed,	 about	 fund-raising	 to
build	 a	 cocktail	 lounge	 next	 to	 the	 cafeteria	 for	 parents	 like	 Jules.	 It	 would	 make	 all	 of

their	jobs	a	lot	easier.
The	Swedes	must	think	the	talk	is	over	because	they	follow	Jules	out.
“Can	we	see	a	boa	now?”	the	stoner	asks.
Celeste	 brings	 out	 Bernie	 the	 boa	 and	 she	 wraps	 up	 her	 talk	 with	 a	 stroll	 past	 the
poisonous	 snakes—the	 puff	 adder,	 the	 rattler,	 the	 pit	 viper,	 and,	 a	 perennial	 favorite,
Carmen	the	cobra.	Celeste	taps	on	the	glass,	and	Carmen	rises	up	like	a	plume	of	smoke
and	unfurls	her	hood—and	everyone	takes	a	step	back.
“That	concludes	our	snake	talk,”	Celeste	says.	“Enjoy	the	rest	of	your	Saturday.”
The	stoners	tap	on	the	glass	of	Carmen’s	tank,	trying	to	get	her	to	strike,	while	Celeste
heads	to	the	utility	sink	to	wash	her	hands.	She	finds	Benji	and	Miranda	lingering	before
Molly’s	tank,	and	in	an	attempt	to	make	amends	for	provoking	Jules,	Celeste	joins	them.
“Molly	just	shed	her	skin	this	week,”	she	says.	“That’s	it	right	there.”	She	points	to	the
gray	tube	of	skin,	as	delicate	as	filigree,	still	mostly	intact.
Benji	smiles.	“Thank	you	for	all	this	information.	I’m	sorry	Jules	stormed	out.	She’s
upset	about	something	else.”
“No	 worries,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “I’m	 just	 filling	 in	 for	 the	 usual	 snake	 expert.	 My	 job	 is
mostly	 administrative	 these	 days.	 It’s	 fun	 to	 be	 hands-on,	 although	 I	 hardly	 expect	 realworld	problems	to	vanish	when	one	walks	into	the	World	of	Reptiles.”
“Do	 you	 have	 a	 card?”	 Benji	 asks.	 “I	 have	 a	 friend	 who	 sets	 up	 excursions	 for
businessmen	traveling	to	New	York	from	overseas.	I	want	to	suggest	he	bring	people	here
to	the	zoo.”
“Like	a	field	trip	for	adults?”
“Mostly	they	like	casinos	and	strip	clubs,”	Benji	says.	“I	think	this	would	be	something
new	and	different.	Something	educational.”
“I	 have	 cards,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “But	 they’re	 in	 my	 office.	 You	 can	 call	 the	 zoo’s	 main
number	and	ask	for	me.	My	name	is	Celeste	Otis.	Or,	if	you’d	like,	you	can	put	my	direct
line	into	your	phone	right	now?”
“I’d	love	that,”	Benji	says.	He	pulls	out	his	phone.	“Go	ahead,	I’m	ready.”

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	7:00	a.m.

Initial	questioning,	Abigail	Freeman	Winbury,	Saturday,	July	7	(continued)
While	 Abby	 is	 in	 the	 bathroom,	 Nick	 listens	 for	 voices	 from	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 house.	 He
hears	nothing	and	sees	no	one	out	the	glass	doors.	This	room	is	perfect	for	questioning;	it’s
almost	 hermetically	 sealed	 off	 from	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 house.	 Sitting	 here	 with	 the	 sun
streaming	in	and	the	hydrangeas	visible	out	the	window,	you	wouldn’t	know	anything	was
wrong.
Abby	 comes	 back	 in,	 arms	 crossed	 over	 her	 chest	 in	 what	 Nick	 perceives	 as	 a
defensive	 attitude.	 She	 knows	 or	 suspects	 something	 about	 Merritt’s	 romantic	 life;	 Nick
just	needs	to	get	her	to	spill	the	beans.
“Where	were	we?”	he	asks.
“I’m	not	sure?”	Abby	says.
“Why	don’t	you	tell	me	about	last	night,”	Nick	says.
“Well,	the	first	thing	that	happened,”	Abby	says,	“was	that	the	rehearsal	was	canceled.”
“Canceled?”
“I	 guess	 Reverend	 Derby—that’s	 the	 Winburys’	 minister	 from	 New	 York—called	 to
say	his	flight	had	been	delayed	and	he	wouldn’t	get	to	Nantucket	until	very	late.	I	figured
we	 would	 go	 to	 the	 church	 anyway	 and	 run	 through	 the	 ceremony	 with	 Roger,	 the
wedding	planner.	But	Celeste	and	Benji	decided	to	cancel	it	altogether.	It	was	almost	as
if…”
“As	if	what?”	Nick	says.
“As	if	they	knew…	they	wouldn’t	be	getting	married,”	Abby	says.
“What	do	you	mean	by	that?”
Abby	takes	a	sip	of	her	water	and	trains	her	gaze	on	the	front	of	the	Nantucket	coffeetable	 book.	 The	 cover	 is	 a	 photograph	 of	 the	 Rainbow	 Fleet	 rounding	 Brant	 Point
Lighthouse	during	the	Opera	House	Cup.	“Nothing,”	she	says.
“Was	there	any	indication	that	this	wedding	might	not	happen?”
“No,”	Abby	says.
“So,	no	rehearsal,	then,”	Nick	says.	“But	there	was	still	a	rehearsal	dinner,	right?”
“It	 was	 a	 beach	 picnic	 here,”	 Abby	 says.	 “A	 clambake.	 There	 were	 raw	 clams	 and
oysters,	which	I	didn’t	eat	because	I’m	pregnant	and	raw	shellfish	can	carry	listeria.	It’s	in
lunch	meat	also.”	Abby	takes	another	sip	of	water	and	Nick	struggles	against	his	instinct
to	 categorize	 Abby	 as	 painfully	 self-absorbed	 and	 utterly	 useless	 to	 this	 investigation.
“There	was	chowder,	boiled	lobster,	sausages,	potatoes,	corn	bread.	Different	kinds	of	pie
for	dessert.	Oh,	and	there	were	cheddar	biscuits.	I	ate	about	twelve.”

“Sounds	delicious,”	Nick	says	with	a	tight	smile.	“The	clambake	was	catered?”
“Catered,	 yes.	 By	 the	 same	 people	 who	 were	 supposed	 to	 do	 the	 wedding	 reception
tonight.	Island	Fare.”
“Was	there	alcohol	served?”
Abby	laughs.	“This	is	the	Winbury	house.	These	people	brush	their	teeth	with	vintage
Dom	Pérignon.”
“Were	people	drinking	heavily?”
“The	picnic	had	a	signature	cocktail,”	Abby	says.	“It	was	a	blackberry	mojito	with	big
fat	 ripe	 blackberries	 and	 fresh	 mint	 from	 Bartlett’s	 Farm	 and	 lots	 of	 rum.	 People	 were
talking	about	how	delicious	they	were.	They	were	a	gorgeous	purple	color	and	it	was	so
hot	last	night	that	I’m	sure	they	were	hard	to	resist.	And	let’s	see…	Greer	was	drinking
champagne;	 she	 always	 drinks	 champagne	 at	 parties.	 But	 everyone	 else	 was	 into	 those
mojitos.	Oh,	and	there	was	a	keg	of	Cisco	beer	too,	so	after	a	while	the	guys	were	drinking
that.”
“Did	you	notice	Merritt	drinking?”	Nick	asks.
“Not	 specifically,”	 Abby	 says.	 “But	 I’m	 sure	 she	 was.	 She	 acts	 like	 one	 of	 the	 guys.
Acted;	 sorry.	 She	 listened	 to	 the	 same	 music	 as	 the	 guys—by	 which	 I	 mean	 Tay-K,	 not
Taylor	 Swift—and	 she	 doused	 her	 food	 with	 hot	 sauce.	 She	 knew	 every	 player	 on	 the
Yankees	 roster.	 It	 was	 her	 thing—she	 wanted	 to	 act	 like	 a	 guy	 but	 look	 like	 a	 woman.”
Abby	pauses.	“I	found	it	a	little	hard	to	take,	honestly.”
“These	 are	 exactly	 the	 kind	 of	 details	 I’m	 after,”	 he	 says,	 and	 Abby	 smiles	 at	 the
praise.	“Tell	me	what	happened	during	the	picnic.”
“After	we	ate,	people	gave	toasts.	Celeste’s	father	went	first.	Mr.	Otis’s	toast	was	all
about	Celeste’s	mom,	which	seemed	strange,	but	he	brought	it	back	around	to	Celeste	and
Benji	 eventually.	 And	 then	 after	 that,	 Thomas	 gave	 a	 toast.	 Thomas,	 my	 husband,	 the
groom’s	brother.”
“And	he’s	the	best	man?”
Abby	huffs.	“He’s	not	the	best	man.	Benji	asked	Shooter	instead.	Shooter	Uxley.”
“Shooter.	That’s	right,	that’s	right.	Tell	me	about	Shooter.”
“How	long	do	you	have?”	Abby	asks.
“All	day,”	Nick	says.
“You	 know	 how	 some	 people	 are	 so	 charming	 and	 magnetic	 that	 they	 can	 get	 away
with	anything?”
“My	cousin	Phil,”	Nick	says.	“Six-foot-two	Adonis.	My	ya-ya’s	favorite.	Everyone’s
favorite.”
“Exactly,”	Abby	says.	“Shooter	is	this	wedding’s	version	of	your	cousin	Phil.”
Nick	 smiles.	 He	 likes	 Abby	 a	 little	 better.	 “So…	 after	 your	 husband,	 Thomas,	 did

anyone	else	make	a	toast?”
“No.	I	thought	maybe	Tag	would	speak	but	he	didn’t,	for	some	reason.	And	Merritt…
you	know,	I	don’t	remember	seeing	either	Merritt	or	Tag	during	the	toasts.”
Nick	makes	a	note:	MM	not	present	at	toasts.
“Maybe	she	was	in	the	restroom?”	Nick	says.	“Did	she	reappear?”
Abby	bites	the	corner	of	her	lip.	“Yes,	yes,”	she	says.	“I	saw	her	later.	Thomas	went
over	to	bum	a	cigarette	from	her.”
“Merritt	smoked?”	Nick	says.
Abby	shrugs.	“When	she	drank,	I	guess.	Like	everyone	else.	Except	for	me	now.”
“What	time	did	the	party	end?”	Nick	asks.
“The	 band	 stopped	 playing	 at	 ten.	 That’s	 a	 law,	 which	 you	 probably	 know	 because
you’re	in	law	enforcement.”	She	winks	at	him	and	Nick	starts	to	feel	optimistic.	They’re
building	a	rapport	here	and	any	second	Abby	is	going	to	give	him	what	he’s	looking	for.
Come	on,	Abby!	“I	was	exhausted,	but	Thomas	said	he	wanted	to	go	to	town	with	Benji
and	his	friends.	So	then	we	had	a	fight.”
“A	fight?”
“He	 told	 me	 early	 in	 our	 marriage	 that	 the	 way	 to	 keep	 him	 happy	 was	 to	 give	 him
freedom.	He	goes	out	with	his	friends,	he	takes	guy	trips,	and	the	rest	of	the	time,	he’s	at
work.”
Sounds	like	a	real	prince,	Nick	thinks.
“And	I	told	him	now	that	I’m	pregnant,	he	has	to	change	his	ways.”	Abby	shrugs.	“If
he	thinks	I’m	raising	this	baby	alone,	he	has	another	think	coming.”
Nick	 feels	 like	 he’s	 suddenly	 been	 thrust	 into	 the	 role	 of	 marriage	 counselor.	 “Did
Thomas	end	up	going	out?”
“Yes,”	Abby	says.	“But	I	wasn’t	happy	about	it.”
“So	who	went	out	and	who	stayed	home?”	Nick	asks.
“I	stayed	home.	Mrs.	Otis,	Celeste’s	mother,	stayed	home.	And	Greer	stayed	home.	Tag
and	Mr.	Otis	had	a	drink	in	Tag’s	study,	which	is	a	big	deal.”
“Oh,	yeah?”	Nick	says.	“Why?”
Abby	blows	her	bangs	out	of	her	eyes.	“No	one	is	allowed	to	set	foot	in	Tag’s	study
without	an	invitation.	I’ve	never	been	invited	so	I’m	not	sure	what’s	so	magical	about	it.	I
know	he	keeps	really	good	scotch	in	there.	Anyway,	when	he	invited	Mr.	Otis	for	a	drink
in	his	study,	it	meant	Tag	was…	accepting	him	as	a	part	of	the	family,	I	guess.	And	I	will
point	out,	not	that	I	care,	but	Tag	never	invited	my	father	into	the	study	for	a	drink.”
“Did	Merritt	go	into	town?”	Nick	asks.
“I	 assume	 she	 led	 the	 charge,”	 Abby	 says.	 “No,	 wait!”	 Abby’s	 voice	 rises	 so

dramatically	 that	 Nick	 nearly	 leaps	 from	 the	 chair.	 “Wait,	 wait,	 wait!	 I	 saw	 Celeste	 and
Merritt	out	in	the	rose	garden	after	the	party	broke	up!	Our	bedroom	window	looks	right
over	the	garden	and	I	saw	them	when	I	went	to	pull	the	shade.	Merritt	was	crying.	Celeste
had	her	hands	on	Merritt’s	shoulders.	They	were	talking.	Then	they	hugged	and	Celeste
walked	 toward	 the	 driveway	 and	 Merritt	 stayed	 in	 the	 garden.”	 Abby	 looks	 at	 Nick	 in
astonishment.	 “I	 totally	 forgot	 about	 that	 until	 just	 this	 instant.	 If	 I	 had	 remembered,	 I
would	have	started	out	by	telling	you	that.”
Merritt	and	the	bride	in	the	rose	garden.	Merritt	crying.
“In	 the	 scene	 you’re	 describing,	 did	 it	 look	 like	 Merritt	 was	 upset	 and	 Celeste	 was
comforting	her,	or	did	it	look	like	they	were	arguing?”	Nick	asks.
“The	first,”	Abby	says.	“I’m	pretty	sure	Celeste	went	out	with	Benji,	Thomas,	and	the
others.	But	I	couldn’t	say	for	sure	about	Merritt.	I	pulled	the	shade	and	went	to	bed.”
Really?	 Nick	 thinks.	 Abby	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 miss	 much,	 and	 wouldn’t	 a	 former
University	 of	 Texas	 sorority	 girl	 be	 naturally	 drawn	 to	 drama	 of	 this	 kind?	 She	 just
described	Merritt	as	“one	of	the	guys,”	so	wouldn’t	seeing	Merritt	crying	make	Abby	very,
very	 curious?	 “You	 didn’t	 peek	 again?”	 Nick	 asks.	 “To	 see	 what	 happened?	 To	 see	 if
Merritt	was	okay?”
Abby	looks	him	dead	in	the	eye.	“I	was	bone-tired.	I	went	to	bed.”
This	is	her	reminding	him,	once	again,	that	she’s	pregnant.	He	nods.	“From	the	looks
of	things	under	the	tent,	there	was	some	late-night	partying.	Is	it	possible	that	the	people
who	went	out	came	home	and	drank	some	rum?”
“Possible,”	Abby	says.
“Do	you	have	any	idea	who	that	might	have	been?”	Nick	asks.
Abby’s	face	shuts	down.	It’s	as	abrupt	as	a	slamming	door.	“Nope.”
She’s	lying,	Nick	thinks.	This	must	have	been	when	things	got	interesting.
“Was	Merritt	part	of	the	group	who	had	the	nightcap?”	he	asks.
“I	honestly	have	no	idea,”	Abby	says.	She	couldn’t	be	less	convincing.
Nick	takes	a	sustaining	breath.	“When	Thomas	got	back	to	your	room,	did	you	happen
to	notice	what	time	it	was?	This	is	very,	very	important.	Please	think.”
“It	was	late.”
“Late	like	midnight?”	Nick	says.	“Or	late	like	four	a.m.?”
“I	didn’t	look	at	the	clock.	I	didn’t	know…”	Here,	Abby	tears	up.	“I	didn’t	know	this
would	happen!”
“Please	don’t	get	upset,”	Nick	says.	“Let	me	find	you	some	tissues.”
“I’m	 fine,”	 Abby	 says.	 And	 then,	 almost	 to	 herself,	 she	 says,	 “I	 can’t	 believe	 this	 is
real.	It’s	real.	Merritt	is	dead.”

“Abby,	I	have	to	ask:	Did	you	hear	anything	else	in	the	middle	of	the	night?	Did	you
hear	anyone	in	the	water?	There	was	a	two-person	kayak	down	by	the	beach—”
Abby’s	head	snaps	up.	“A	kayak?	That	would	be	Tag’s.”
“You’re	sure?”
“Yes,”	 Abby	 says.	 “Tag	 has	 two	 kayaks	 and	 he	 treats	 them	 like	 they’re	 his	 babies.
They’re	handmade	by	some	guy	in	Alaska	or	wherever	kayaks	were	invented.	Tag	has	a
one-person	kayak	and	a	two-person	kayak	and	when	he	invites	someone	out	on	the	twoperson	kayak,	it’s	a	really	big	deal,	like	an	even	bigger	deal	than	when	he	invites	you	into
his	study	to	drink	his	thousand-year-old	scotch.”
“Since	the	kayak	was	out,	would	you	guess	Mr.	Winbury	was	the	one	who	used	it?”
“Absolutely,	yes,”	Abby	says.
“No	chance	someone	might	have	borrowed	it	without	asking?”
“No	 chance,”	 Abby	 says.	 “Tag	 keeps	 the	 kayaks	 locked	 up.	 I	 know	 this	 because…
well,	because	Thomas	and	I	have	tried	to	use	the	two-person	kayak	without	permission.
We	tried	to	guess	the	combination—we	ran	through	every	birthday,	every	anniversary,	and
we	 could	 not	 unlock	 those	 kayaks.	 Frankly,	 I	 can’t	 believe	 a	 kayak	 was	 left	 out	 on	 the
beach.	 That’s	 a	 sure	 indication	 that	 something	 went	 very	 wrong	 last	 night.	 Tag	 isn’t
careless	like	that.”
“Abby,	would	you	say	Mr.	Winbury	is	a	person	with	a	lot	of	secrets?”
“Everyone	in	the	Winbury	family	has	secrets!”	Abby	says.
Nick	holds	his	breath.	He’s	afraid	to	move.	Come	on,	Abby,	he	thinks.	Give	me	a	little
bit	more.
“I’m	sure	Tag	has	secrets,”	she	says.	“But	I	really	like	Tag	and	I	admire	and	respect
him	and	I	want	that	feeling	to	be	mutual.	I’m	pretty	sure	both	he	and	Greer	think	I’m	a
failure	because	I	haven’t	managed	to	give	them	a	grandchild…	but	they	don’t	know	what
I’m	 dealing	 with.	 Thomas	 is…	 and	 the	 pressure…”	 Abby	 stops,	 sniffs.	 “I’m	 sorry	 I’m
crying.	This	can’t	be	good	for	my	baby.	May	I	please	be	excused?”
Nick	sighs.	He	was	so	close.	But	he	can’t	push	her,	not	in	her	present	condition.	He’ll
have	to	get	his	answers	elsewhere.	“Yes,	of	course.	Thank	you,	Abby.”	He	smiles	at	her	as
he	lies	and	says,	“You’ve	been	very	helpful.”

Friday,	May	18–Saturday,	May	19,	2018

TAG

He	 catches	 a	 brief	 glimpse	 of	 the	 friend	 on	 Friday	 evening	 when	 she	 and	 Celeste	 and
Abby	arrive	from	the	city	for	the	bachelorette	weekend	that	Greer	has	arranged.	Tag	sees
the	friend	from	the	back—long	dark	hair	and	a	sweet	little	behind	put	on	display	in	a	tight
sequined	miniskirt.	When	she	turns,	he’s	treated	to	her	profile.	Pretty.	Then	she	pivots	at
the	hip,	notices	Tag	checking	her	out,	waggles	her	fingers	at	him,	and	offers	a	half	smile.
“What’s	the	friend’s	name?”	Tag	asks	his	wife	later.
“Merritt	Monaco,”	Greer	says.	“She’s	a	brunette.	Not	your	type.”
Tag	gathers	his	wife	up	in	his	arms,	and	as	usual,	she	places	both	palms	on	his	chest	as
if	to	push	him	away,	but	he	holds	her	tight.	Tag	maintains—untruthfully—that	he	has	no
interest	in	brunettes.	“You’re	my	type,”	he	says.
“Yeah,	 right,”	 she	 says	 in	 an	 American	 accent,	 which	 she	 knows	 he	 can’t	 resist.	 He
kisses	her	neck.	He’ll	introduce	himself	to	the	friend	later.
The	 introduction	 comes	 the	 next	 morning.	 Tag	 is	 in	 the	 kitchen	 reading	 the	 weekend
Journal	and	enjoying	coffee	and	grapefruit	and	a	poached	egg	on	whole-grain	toast	after
having	gone	for	a	five-mile	run	and	then	taken	a	soak	in	the	hot	tub.	He	feels	clean	and
virtuous,	nearly	relaxed.	His	wife	and	future	daughter-in-law	left	a	short	while	ago	to	meet
with	the	wedding	caterers.	He	has	forgotten	all	about	the	friend	until	she	comes	wandering
into	the	kitchen.	She’s	barefoot,	wearing	a	tiny	pair	of	cotton	sleep	shorts	and	a	threadbare
T-shirt.	No	bra.	Tag	can	see	the	two	pellets	of	her	nipples	through	the	material.
“Good	morning,”	he	says	brightly.
She	jumps,	startled.	Or	maybe	she’s	just	pretending.	She’s	too	pretty	to	be	an	innocent.
Her	hand	flies	to	her	chest	as	she	turns	to	him.	Her	hair	is	mussed.
“Good	 morning,”	 she	 says,	 her	 voice	 froggy	 with	 sleep.	 Or	 maybe	 it’s	 naturally
gravelly.	She	collects	herself	and	offers	a	hand.	“You	must	be	Mr.	Winbury.	How	are	you?
I’m	Merritt,	as	in	the	parkway.”
“Call	me	Tag,	please,”	he	says.	“As	in	hash.”
This	earns	him	a	smile.	Oh,	the	Millennials!
“Thank	you	for	hosting	us	this	weekend,”	she	says.	“It’s	a	surprise	luxury.	Your	house
is	sublime.”
“I’m	glad	you’re	enjoying	it,”	Tag	says.	“What	did	you	girls	get	up	to	last	night?”
“Dinner	at	Cru,”	she	says.	“Great	oysters	there.”

“Agreed,”	Tag	says.
“Then	we	went	to	the	Afterhouse	for	caviar,”	Merritt	says.
“Well,	well,”	Tag	says.	Oysters	and	caviar.	He	assumes	he	was	footing	the	bill.
“Then	we	went	to	Proprietors.	Then	to	the	Boarding	House.	Then	to	the	Chicken	Box.
Then	to	Steamboat	for	pizza,	since	we	were	all	starving.	Then	we	caught	an	Uber	home.
Around	two,	I	think?	Early	night.”
Tag	laughs.	In	New	York,	she’s	probably	out	every	night	until	four.	If	she’s	anywhere
close	to	Celeste’s	age,	then	she’s	still	in	her	twenties.
“Is	there	coffee?”	she	asks.
Tag	 rises.	 He’s	 wearing	 a	 waffle-knit	 cotton	 robe	 he	 snagged	 from	 the	 pool	 house	 to
put	on	over	his	wet	bathing	suit,	but	now	he	wishes	for	regular	clothes.	The	robe	feels	too
feminine;	it	feels	like	a	dress.	“I’ll	get	it	for	you,”	he	says.	“Please,	sit	and	relax.	How	do
you	take	it?”
“Black,”	she	says.
Girl	after	his	own	heart.	Tag	pours	her	a	cup	of	coffee.	She	takes	the	seat	next	to	his
chair	 and	 folds	 her	 legs	 up	 under	 herself.	 Cozy.	 If	 Greer	 saw	 this,	 she	 would	 not	 be
amused,	even	considering	Merritt	is	a	brunette	and	therefore	theoretically	not	Tag’s	type.
But	imagining	Greer’s	reaction	turns	Tag	on.	He	is	most	certainly	going	to	hell.
He	sits	down	and	considers	his	half-eaten	breakfast.	“Can	I	fix	you	something	to	eat?”
He	is	startled	by	his	own	offer	of	hospitality.	If	this	were	anyone	but	a	desirable	woman,
he	would	go	back	to	his	newspaper.
She	holds	up	a	hand.	“No,	thank	you.”
“So,	are	there	any	stories	you	can	share	from	last	night?”	he	asks.
Merritt	tilts	her	head	and	gives	him	a	wry	smile.	“We	were	perfect	angels,”	she	says.
“It	was	rather	disappointing.”
He	laughs.
“Abby	threw	up	on	the	way	home,”	Merritt	says.	“Our	Uber	driver	had	to	pull	over	on
Orange	Street.”
“She	overdid	it?”	Tag	says.	“Good	for	her.”
“If	you	ask	me,	she’s	pregnant,”	Merritt	says.	“I	got	that	vibe.”
“Well,”	Tag	says.	“That	would	be	good	news.”	And	it	would.	Thomas	and	Abby	have
been	 trying	 for	 a	 baby	 ever	 since	 they	 got	 married	 four	 years	 earlier.	 Conception	 isn’t	 a
problem.	Abby	has	been	pregnant	four	times	that	Tag	knows	of,	but	each	time	ended	in	a
miscarriage	and	one	of	them	necessitated	a	D	and	C	at	Lenox	Hill	Hospital.	However,	Tag
feels	 more	 disloyal	 discussing	 Abby’s	 potential	 pregnancy	 than	 he	 does	 looking	 at
Merritt’s	breasts.	He	changes	the	subject.
“So	what	do	you	do	for	work,	Merritt-as-in-the-Parkway?”	he	asks.

She	 takes	 a	 deliberate	 sip	 of	 her	 coffee.	 “Officially,	 I	 handle	 PR	 for	 the	 Wildlife
Conservation	 Society,	 which	 manages	 all	 four	 city	 zoos	 and	 the	 aquarium.	 That’s	 how	 I
met	Celeste.	The	Bronx	Zoo	has	the	biggest	chunk	of	our	budget	so	I	do	all	of	their	press
releases	and	whatnot.	And	Celeste,	you	know,	is	a	rising	star	at	the	zoo.	It’s	not	every	day
you	see	a	woman	as	young	as	Celeste	named	assistant	zoo	director.”
“Right,”	 Tag	 says.	 He’s	 very	 fond	 of	 Celeste	 and	 thinks	 her	 career	 is	 magnificent.
Greer	 has	 been	 less	 enthusiastic.	 Why	 does	 she	 have	 to	 run	 a	 zoo?	 she	 said.	 Why	 not	 a
museum	 or	 a	 charitable	 foundation?	 Something	 ladylike?	 However,	 Greer	 far	 prefers
Celeste	 to	 Benji’s	 former	 girlfriend,	 Jules.	 Jules	 Briar	 lived	 on	 Park	 Avenue,	 which	 was
good,	but	the	apartment	and	the	money	and	the	daughter,	Miranda,	were	all	from	the	first
husband,	Andy	Briar,	a	director	at	Goldman	Sachs,	which	was	bad.	Greer	wanted	Benji	to
find	 someone	 without	 quite	 that	 much	 baggage—and	 Celeste	 offers	 a	 clean	 slate.	 It’s
almost	as	though	she	spent	her	first	twenty-six	years	in	a	convent.	Benji	is	the	only	serious
boyfriend	she’s	ever	had.
“And	unofficially,”	Merritt	says	with	a	bit	of	a	tease	in	her	voice,	snapping	Tag	back	to
the	 present	 conversation—Unofficially,	 he	 thinks,	 she’s	 a	 stripper.	 Or	 a	 high-end	 escort
—“I’m	an	influencer.”
“An	influencer?”	he	says.
“I	do	work	on	the	side	to	promote	certain	brands	and	events,”	Merritt	says.	“So	some
of	my	clothes	and	shoes	and	bags	are	by	designers	I	can’t	afford,	but	I	get	them	for	free	as
long	as	I	post	about	them	on	my	social	media	platforms.	I	stump	for	nineteen	companies.”
“That’s	 impressive,”	 Tag	 says.	 He	 can	 see	 how	 she	 would	 succeed	 as	 an	 influencer:
She’s	young,	beautiful,	cool,	sexy.	And	edgy.	She’s	an	interesting	match	for	Celeste,	who
doesn’t	have	an	edgy	thing	about	her.
“What	do	you	do	for	work?”	Merritt	asks.
Tag	laughs;	he	likes	her	directness.	“I	own	a	hedge	fund,”	he	says.
“Note	the	look	of	surprise	on	my	face,”	Merritt	says.
“It’s	terribly	boring,	I	know,”	he	says.	“I	started	my	career	at	Barclays	in	London	but
when	the	boys	finished	with	primary	school,	we	decided	it	would	be	best	to	move	to	New
York.”	He	does	not	mention	that	the	majority	of	their	wealth	comes	from	Greer’s	family.
The	 Garrisons	 owned	 the	 mills	 that	 produced	 over	 half	 the	 gin	 in	 Great	 Britain.	 And
Greer’s	book	royalties	are	nothing	to	sniff	at	either,	although	sales	are	steadily	declining
and	 Tag	 has	 been	 tempted	 to	 suggest	 she	 retire	 before	 she	 becomes	 a	 parody	 of	 herself.
Her	fan	base	is	nearly	down	to	no	one	but	the	devoted	cat	ladies.
It’s	as	Tag	is	thinking	about	the	typical	cat	lady—tucked	away	in	her	Cotswold	cottage
fixing	a	cup	of	tea	and	preparing	to	spend	a	rainy	afternoon	in	an	armchair	with	a	tabby
spread	 across	 her	 lap	 as	 she	 cracks	 open	 the	 latest	 exotically	 located	 Greer	 Garrison
mystery—that	he	feels	something	touch	his	leg.	It’s	Merritt’s	foot.	She	is	running	her	toes
up	his	shin	as	she	sips	her	coffee	and	pretends	to	be	gazing	out	the	window	at	Nantucket
Sound.	Tag	immediately	gets	an	erection.	He	thinks	about	lifting	up	her	flimsy	T-shirt	or,

better	still,	tearing	the	damn	thing	in	half	so	he	can	lick	the	hard	points	of	her	nipples	until
she	groans	in	his	ear.	Where	can	he	take	her?	Maybe	if	he	opens	his	robe	and	shows	her
what	 she’s	 done	 to	 him,	 she’ll	 get	 down	 on	 her	 knees	 in	 front	 of	 him.	 Right	 here	 in	 the
kitchen.	Could	they	be	that	brazen?
As	he	starts	to	reach	for	the	belt	of	his	robe,	Abby	comes	limping	into	the	kitchen,	one
hand	on	her	stomach	and	one	on	the	back	of	her	neck	as	though	she’s	trying	to	hold	herself
together.	When	she	sees	Tag	and	Merritt,	a	startled	look	crosses	her	face,	then	something
darker	flickers	through	her	expression.	What	must	this	look	like?	Tag	wonders.
Abby	has	been	raised	right.	She	smiles.	“Good	morning,”	she	says.	“Sorry	I	slept	so
late.	I	am	not	feeling	well	at	all.”
“Coffee?”	Tag	asks.
Merritt	stands	up.	“I’m	going	to	try	the	outdoor	shower,”	she	says.
When	 Greer	 and	 Celeste	 return,	 the	 girls	 all	 head	 out	 to	 the	 pool	 in	 their	 bikinis.	 Tag
would	like	to	join	them	but	he	can’t	possibly	do	so	without	seeming	like	a	perverted	and
pathetic	old	man.	He	decides	instead	to	go	out	in	the	kayak.	He	waves	as	he	strolls	past	the
pool,	taking	one	long,	appreciative	look	at	Merritt,	who	is	wearing	a	black	bikini	with	a
complicated	 web	 of	 straps	 across	 the	 back.	 The	 bikini	 is	 possibly	 meant	 to	 reference
bondage	and	inspire	any	man	who	looks	upon	the	suit	to	wish	for	a	pair	of	sharp	scissors
to	snip	the	straps	and	get	to	the	luscious	body	underneath.	However,	the	suit,	with	its	web,
also	reminds	Tag	of	a	spider.	A	black	widow,	he	thinks.	Merritt	is	dangerous.	He	needs	to
stay	away.
Tag	paddles	out	to	the	Monomoy	Creeks,	a	series	of	waterways	that	meander	through
reeds	 and	 eelgrass,	 around	 floating	 islands	 and	 sandbars.	 It’s	 peaceful	 here.	 The	 only
sound	is	the	plashing	of	his	paddle	against	the	surface	of	the	water.	Up	above,	an	osprey
soars,	 and	 in	 the	 distance,	 Tag	 spies	 sailboats,	 an	 approaching	 ferry,	 and	 Commercial
Wharf.	The	sun	is	unseasonably	warm	for	May.	He	is	tempted	to	take	his	shirt	off	so	he
can	get	something	vaguely	resembling	a	suntan.	He	must	be	bewitched,	he	thinks,	because
he	hasn’t	given	two	thoughts	to	a	suntan	since	he	lifeguarded	at	Blackpool	Sands	in	the
summer	of	1981.	He’s	fifty-seven	years	old,	likely	more	than	twice	the	girl’s	age.	He	tries
to	banish	her	from	his	mind	and	instead	focus	on	everything	he	already	has—a	satisfying,
if	stodgy,	career;	a	beautiful,	accomplished	wife;	and	two	healthy	sons,	both	of	whom	are
finally	starting	to	get	the	hang	of	adulthood.	Tag	has	a	five-bedroom	prewar	apartment	on
Park	 Avenue,	 a	 flat	 in	 London,	 and	 this	 spread	 on	 Nantucket.	 He	 and	 Greer	 first	 visited
Nantucket	in	the	summer	of	1997,	and	with	the	trust	that	Greer	inherited	on	her	thirty-fifth
birthday,	they	bought	the	land.	It	had	been	quite	expensive	even	then,	this	remote	island	of
fishermen	and	free	spirits,	but	Greer	had	loved	it	and	Tag	had	loved	making	Greer	happy.
He	has	grown	quite	fond	of	this	island,	even	though	his	life	here	now	is	more	fraught.
There’s	always	something	happening—a	festival,	a	benefit,	houseguests,	a	cocktail	party,
a	new	restaurant	Greer	insists	they	have	to	try,	and,	in	a	few	weeks,	a	wedding	for	which
they	will	host	170	people.	But	Tag’s	favorite	way	to	experience	the	island	is	like	this,	right
now—on	 the	 water,	 in	 his	 kayak.	 Nantucket’s	 charm	 is	 most	 easily	 found	 offshore.	 Tag

paddles	all	the	way	to	the	Great	Harbor	Yacht	Club,	then	he	turns	around	and	heads	for
home.	He	wills	himself	to	be	strong	enough	for	what	awaits	him	there.
He	has	never	quite	mastered	the	art	of	getting	out	of	the	kayak	and	nearly	always	dunks
himself	in	the	process.	This	gives	Greer	much	joy	and	himself	a	much-needed	cooling-off
so	he	is	half	guilty	of	facilitating	the	mishap.	After	he	pulls	the	kayak	up	on	the	shore,	he
towels	 himself	 dry	 and	 checks	 his	 phone.	 There’s	 a	 voice	 mail	 from	 his	 friend	 Sergio
Ramone.
Tag	finds	Greer	arranging	flowers	on	the	sunporch.
“Sergio	 called,”	 he	 says.	 “He	 has	 two	 tickets	 to	 the	 Dujac	 Grand	 Cru	 wine-festival
dinner	tonight.	The	chef	from	Nautilus	is	doing	the	food	and	it’s	at	some	swanky	house
out	on	Quaise	Pasture	Road.	I	told	him	we’d	take	them.	They’re	ridiculously	expensive,
but	we	deserve	it.”
“I	can’t	go,”	Greer	says.
“What?”	Tag	says.	“Why	not?	You	love	Dujac.	It’s	bluechip	terroir.	Not	Sonoma,	not
South	 Africa.	 These	 wines	 will	 be	 once-in-a-lifetime.	 You	 know	 how	 these	 French
vintners	are.	If	you	show	the	proper	appreciation,	they	can’t	help	themselves—they	open
up	the	bottles	they	aren’t	supposed	to,	the	really,	really	good	stuff,	the	rare	vintages	that
we’ll	never	have	the	opportunity	to	taste	again.”
“I	have	to	stay	home	and	write	tonight,”	Greer	says.	“My	deadline	is	in	thirty	days	and
I’m	 dreadfully	 behind	 because	 of	 the	 wedding.	 Also,	 I	 had	 an	 idea	 while	 Celeste	 and	 I
were	out	and	I	want	to	get	it	down	before	I	forget.”
“The	dinner	isn’t	until	seven,”	he	says.	“Go	write	now	and	you’ll	be	finished	by	six,	in
time	for	a	shower	and	a	dressing	drink.”
“I	can’t	now,”	Greer	says.	“I’m	busy.”
“I’ll	arrange	the	flowers,”	Tag	says.	“You	go	write.”
“You	know	it	doesn’t	work	like	that,	darling,”	she	says.
He	wants	to	strangle	her.	He	should	never	have	expected	his	wife	to	suddenly	display	a
penchant	 for	 spontaneity.	 He	 knows	 it	 doesn’t	 work	 like	 that;	 he	 knows	 Greer	 can’t	 be
prodded	 to	 write,	 that	 she	 has	 to	 listen	 to	 her	 internal	 muse,	 and	 the	 muse	 prefers	 the
nighttime	hours,	a	quiet,	dark	house,	a	glass	of	wine	(ordinary	wine,	a	fifteen-dollar	bottle
of	chardonnay,	for	example,	which	will	have	nothing	in	common	with	the	wine	that	will
be	served	with	this	dinner).
“What	the	hell	am	I	going	to	do?”	Tag	says.	“I	promised	Sergio	I’d	take	the	tickets	off
his	hands.”	If	it	were	anyone	else,	Tag	would	call	and	renege,	but	Sergio	is	an	esteemed
criminal-defense	 attorney	 and	 he’s	 also	 the	 friend	 who	 got	 Thomas	 into	 law	 school	 at
NYU	when	there	was	no	prayer	of	Thomas	getting	in	on	his	own.	And	then	Sergio	angled
to	get	Thomas	a	job	at	Skadden,	Arps,	the	law	firm	where	Thomas	now	works.	Thomas,
Tag	has	to	admit,	isn’t	the	achiever	the	rest	of	them	are;	Tag	suspects	he’ll	quit	law	before
he	 makes	 partner.	 But	 even	 so,	 Tag	 and	 Greer	 owe	 Sergio	 Ramone	 a	 lifelong	 debt	 of

gratitude.	Tag	can’t	back	out	on	these	tickets.	He	can	pay	the	$3,500	apiece	and	just	not
go,	he	supposes,	but	what	a	waste	that	would	be.	“Please,	darling.”
Greer	stabs	a	peony	into	the	vase.	The	peony	is	deep	pink	and	resembles	a	human	heart
unfurling	in	desperation.	Or	possibly	he’s	projecting.	“Take	one	of	the	girls,”	she	says.
Tag	scoffs.
“I’m	serious,”	Greer	says.	“Don’t	be	a	martyr	for	me.	I	won’t	like	that	one	bit.	Ask	one
of	the	girls.”
“But	isn’t	this	supposed	to	be	a	bachelorette	weekend?”	Tag	says.
“They	 partied	 last	 night,”	 Greer	 says.	 “Unless	 I’m	 mistaken,	 they’re	 planning	 on
staying	home	tonight.	But	I’m	sure	you	can	talk	one	of	them	into	it.”
The	girls,	as	Greer	calls	them,	are	in	the	casual	dining	area,	reading	magazines,	snacking
on	chips	and	salsa.	Merritt-as-in-the-Parkway,	Tag	is	relieved	to	see,	has	covered	herself
properly,	 in	 white	 jeans	 and	 a	 navy	 cashmere	 sweater.	 Abby	 is	 resting	 her	 head	 on	 her
arms	on	the	table.
“Hello,	ladies,”	Tag	says.	His	stomach	feels	leaden;	it’s	nerves.	He	knows	how	this	is
going	to	end.	Greer	too	must	know	how	this	is	going	to	end.	She	is	the	one	he	will	hold
responsible.	 She	 has	 suspected	 him	 of	 cheating	 for	 the	 entirety	 of	 their	 marriage,	 he
knows,	and	now	it	feels	like	she	is	pushing	him	toward	it.	“I	have	an	extra	ticket	to	a	very
fancy	wine	dinner	tonight	and	my	wife	feels	she	needs	to	stay	home	and	write.	Would	any
of	you	three	like	to	go	with	me?”
“God,	no.”	Abby	groans.
“No,	thank	you,”	Celeste	says	sweetly.	“I’m	exhausted.”
Merritt	raises	her	face	and	looks	him	dead	in	the	eye.	His	heart	skips	a	beat.
Tag	wears	a	jacket	but	no	tie.	Merritt	wears	a	lavender	dress	with	thin	straps	that	crisscross
her	back	and	a	pair	of	silver	stiletto	heels.	It’s	the	heels	Greer	chooses	to	comment	on.
“You’ll	break	your	neck	in	those,”	she	says.
“I’ll	be	fine,”	Merritt	says.	“Years	of	practice.”
“Well,”	Greer	says	in	Tag’s	ear	as	she	kisses	him	good-bye,	“I	believe	Quaise	Pasture
is	in	for	quite	a	shock.”
Once	they’re	in	the	Land	Rover	headed	out	the	Polpis	Road,	Tag	worries	that	Merritt	will
reach	 over	 and	 put	 her	 hand	 on	 his	 leg.	 Then	 he	 worries	 she	 won’t.	 He	 has	 an	 erection
simply	from	smelling	her	perfume	and	listening	to	her	rummage	through	her	clutch	purse
in	the	dark.	He	can’t	go	inside	in	this	state;	he	needs	to	talk	himself	down.	He	takes	a	deep
breath.	 He	 worries	 there	 will	 be	 someone	 he	 knows	 at	 this	 dinner—and	 how	 will	 he
explain	 who	 Merritt	 is?	 My	 future	 daughter-in-law’s	 best	 friend.	 It	 sounds	 sleazy.	 It	 is
sleazy.	What	will	people	think?	They’ll	think…	well,	they’ll	think	the	obvious.
But	then	Tag	calls	upon	one	of	his	favorite	sayings:	Perception	is	reality.	This	situation

can	be	translated	in	more	than	one	way.	Tonight,	Tag	will	perceive	this	outing	as	innocent
and	fun	and	that	is	what	it	will	become.	He	relaxes	a	little.
“Is	this	your	first	time	on	Nantucket?”	he	asks.
“Not	at	all,”	she	says.	“I’ve	come	with	friends	over	the	years,	in	college	and	then	as	a
so-called	adult.”
“Where	was	college?”	he	asks.
“Trinity,”	she	says.	“In	glamorous	Hartford.”
He	has	friends	whose	children	went	to	Trinity	but	he	doesn’t	dare	ask	if	Merritt	knows
any	of	them;	he’s	already	self-conscious	enough	about	how	young	she	is.	Or	how	old	he
is.
“Do	you	have	siblings?”	Tag	asks.
“A	brother,”	she	says.	“Married	with	kids	and	a	mortgage.”
“And	where	did	you	grow	up?”	Tag	asks.
“On	Long	Island,”	she	says.	“Commack.”
Tag	nods.	He	and	Greer	have	successfully	avoided	Long	Island,	though	he	does	have	a
client	with	a	house	in	Oyster	Bay	whom	he	visits	on	occasion	and	there	was	one	long-ago
rainy	weekend	in	Montauk	when	the	boys	were	small.	He	has	never	heard	of	Commack.	“I
always	wanted	a	daughter,”	he	says.	“But	Greer	didn’t.	She’s	happy	with	the	boys.”
“Greer	is	lovely,”	Merritt	says.
“Isn’t	 she?”	 he	 says.	 “Anyway,	 now	 we	 have	 a	 daughter-in-law.	 Abby.	 And	 soon,
Celeste.”
“Celeste	is	a	treasure,”	Merritt	says.	“I	met	her	at	a	difficult	time	in	my	life.	She	saved
me.”
This	 statement	 seems	 to	 warrant	 a	 follow-up	 question,	 but	 it’s	 too	 late.	 They’ve
arrived.	The	house	is,	in	fact,	grand—it’s	all	lit	up	from	within,	overlooking	the	sound	but
from	a	more	dramatic	vantage	point	than	Tag’s	house.	There	are	two	unfamiliar	cars	in	the
driveway.
Tag	parks,	then	smiles	at	Merritt.	This	is	going	to	be	innocent	and	fun.	“Shall	we?”	he
says.
The	 evening	 unfolds	 easily.	 There	 are	 ten	 diners,	 plus	 the	 French	 gentleman	 from	 the
esteemed	Dujac	vineyard	plus	one	of	the	sous-chefs	from	Nautilus	plus	two	kitchen	staff
and	two	waitstaff.	Tag	doesn’t	know	a	soul.	The	other	eight	diners	are	all	one	group.	They
tell	Tag	it’s	their	first	time	to	Nantucket.	They	live	in	Texas.
“Where	in	Texas?”	Merritt	asks.
Tag	steels	himself	to	hear	that	they’re	from	Austin	and	then	to	find	out	that	they	are
best	friends	or	business	partners	of	Abby’s	parents,	the	Freemans.

“San	Antonio,”	they	say.	“Remember	the	Alamo.”
It	quickly	becomes	obvious	that	Merritt	knows	nothing	about	wine,	not	even	the	basics.
She	 doesn’t	 know	 that	 cabernet	 sauvignons	 are	 from	 Bordeaux	 and	 that	 pinot	 noirs	 and
chardonnays	are	from	Burgundy.	She	doesn’t	know	what	terroir	is.	She	has	never	heard	of
pinot	 franc;	 she	 has	 never	 heard	 of	 the	 Loire	 Valley.	 How	 can	 she	 be	 an	 influencer	 of
culture	 when	 she	 doesn’t	 have	 even	 a	 basic	 vocabulary	 of	 wine?	 What	 does	 she	 drink
when	she	goes	out?
“Cocktails,”	she	says.	“Gin,	bourbon,	vodka,	tequila.	Skinny	margaritas	are	my	go-to.”
She	must	see	him	grimace	because	she	adds,	“There	used	to	be	a	place	downtown,	Pearl
and	 Ash,	 that	 made	 a	 cocktail	 called	 Teenage	 Jesus,	 which	 was	 my	 particular	 favorite.
Plus,	the	name.”
Tag	can’t	imagine	drinking	something	called	a	Teenage	Jesus.	“What	about	when	you
have	oysters?	When	you	have	caviar?	Surely	you	must	drink	champagne.”
“Prosecco,”	she	says.	“But	only	if	someone	presses	it	on	me.	It	gives	me	a	headache.”
After	 his	 starter	 glass,	 a	 2013	 Chambolle-Musigny,	 goes	 down,	 he	 decides	 that
Merritt’s	ignorance	is	fortuitous.	She	isn’t	the	jaded,	worldly	woman	he	thought	she	was.
He	had	convinced	himself	over	the	past	few	hours	that	she	was	at	least	thirty	but	now	he
fears	she’s	closer	to	twenty-five.	More	than	thirty	years	younger	than	he	is.
After	 his	 second	 glass,	 a	 2009	 Morey	 Saint-Denis,	 he	 is	 loose.	 He	 will	 teach	 Merritt
about	wine.	He	will	teach	her	how	to	roll	the	wine	over	her	tongue.	He	will	teach	her	how
to	 identify	 black-cherry	 and	 tobacco	 notes	 in	 pinots,	 and	 lemon,	 mint,	 and	 clover	 in
sauvignon	 blancs.	 He’s	 excited	 by	 this	 mission,	 although	 her	 palate	 will	 be	 exposed	 to
some	of	the	finest	wines	in	the	world	tonight,	and	this	worries	him.	When	you	start	with
the	best,	the	future	offers	only	disappointment.
They	 stumble	 out	 of	 the	 house	 well	 past	 midnight,	 hand	 in	 hand.	 At	 one	 extremely
saturated	point	during	the	evening,	one	of	the	Texas	ladies	turned	to	Merritt	and	said,	“So
how	long	have	y’all	been	married?”
Without	hesitation,	Merritt	said,	“We’re	newlyweds.”
“Congratulations!”	the	woman	said.	“Second	marriage?”
Merritt	winked.	“How’d	you	guess?”
So	 when	 they	 leave,	 they	 are	 a	 couple,	 married	 by	 the	 incredible	 wine,	 the
extraordinary	food,	the	camaraderie	of	complete	strangers.	It’s	as	if	they	have	stepped	out
of	their	lives	into	another	life	where	everything	is	new	and	anything	is	possible.	When	Tag
opens	the	passenger	door	for	Merritt,	she	turns	to	him	and	raises	her	face.
He	kisses	her	once,	chastely,	on	the	lips.
“That’s	all	I	get?”	she	says.
Say	yes,	Tag	thinks.	Be	strong.	Be	true	to	Greer	and	the	boys.	Show	some	integrity,	for
God’s	sake.

But.
Even	 that	 faintest	 touch	 of	 her	 lips	 sent	 a	 surge	 of	 electricity	 through	 him.	 Tag	 is
pulsing	with	desire	for	her.	He	won’t	be	able	to	stop	himself	from	driving	Merritt	to	the
beach	and	making	love	to	her,	maybe	more	than	once.
He	is,	ultimately,	only	a	man.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	8:30	a.m.

THE	CHIEF

After	interviewing	Roger,	the	Chief	has	some	choices	for	who	to	talk	to	next.	There’s	the
bride’s	father,	who	is	in	an	upstairs	bedroom	with	the	bride’s	mother;	Greer	Garrison	has
requested	that	they	not	be	disturbed	until	the	last	possible	minute	because	of	the	mother’s
health.	And	the	groom,	Benjamin	Winbury,	asked	permission	to	go	to	the	hospital	to	check
on	Celeste.	He	promised	to	be	back	in	an	hour.	So,	as	far	as	persons	of	interest	go,	that
leaves	 the	 Chief	 with	 the	 groom’s	 brother,	 Thomas;	 the	 groom’s	 father,	 Thomas	 Senior,
known	as	Tag;	and	this	Shooter	fellow,	the	best	man.	The	Chief	thinks	the	third	option	is
the	most	promising.
Dickson	said	the	best	man	was	missing	when	he	arrived	on	the	scene,	but	then	the	guy
turned	up	in	a	cab	an	hour	later.	He	could	have	met	a	woman—or	a	man—last	night	and
slept	elsewhere.	But	the	perplexing	thing	is	that	he	had	his	luggage	with	him.	It’s	almost
as	 if	 he’d	 planned	 to	 leave	 and	 then	 changed	 his	 mind.	 There	 might	 be	 a	 plausible
explanation	for	this,	but	the	Chief	can’t	come	up	with	it	himself.	He	will	question	Shooter.
The	 Chief	 finds	 Shooter	 standing	 behind	 the	 police	 tape	 at	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 beach,
staring	in	the	direction	of	the	water.	He	has	shed	the	blazer,	removed	his	shoes,	untucked
his	shirt.
“Hey	 there,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 Shooter	 turns.	 His	 expression	 is	 one	 of	 fear,	 maybe,	 or
alarm.	The	Chief	is	used	to	it.	In	thirty	years,	no	one	has	been	exactly	happy	to	see	him
while	he	was	on	duty	in	the	field.	“Are	you	free	to	answer	a	few	questions?”
“What	about?”	Shooter	says.
“We’re	interviewing	everyone	who’s	part	of	the	wedding.	I	understand	you’re	the	best
man?”
“If	you’re	going	to	ask	me	what	happened	to	her,	I	really	have	no	idea,”	Shooter	says.
“I’d	just	like	to	get	some	background,”	the	Chief	says.	“About	the	events	of	last	night.
Easy	stuff.”
Shooter	nods.	“I	can	handle	that,	I	suppose.”
“Great,”	the	Chief	says.	He	leads	Shooter	across	the	driveway	to	the	white	wroughtiron	bench	under	the	rose	arbor	where	he	talked	to	Roger.	He	sees	police	tape	all	around
the	 cottage	 on	 the	 north	 side	 of	 the	 property,	 which	 was	 where	 the	 maid	 of	 honor	 was
staying	by	herself.	The	Chief	is	fairly	certain	that	if	they	can	find	the	girl’s	phone,	they’ll
have	the	answers	they’re	looking	for.	The	Chief	has	learned	over	the	past	decade	that	if
you	want	to	know	the	truth	about	a	person,	just	look	through	his	or	her	phone.
Shooter	takes	a	seat	and	the	Chief	pulls	his	notebook	out.	He	has	only	one	question	for

Shooter.	“So…	where	were	you	last	night?”
“Last	night?”	Shooter	says.
Just	like	that,	the	Chief	knows	a	lie	is	coming.	“Yes,	last	night,”	the	Chief	says.	“The
groom	told	my	sergeant	that	you	were	missing.	Until	you	pulled	up	in	the	cab,	we	thought
maybe	you	were	dead	as	well.	But,	thankfully,	we	were	mistaken.	Where	were	you?”
“I’m	sorry	I	caused	you	to	worry,”	Shooter	says.	“I	was	up	at	the	Wauwinet.”
“The	Wauwinet	Inn?”	the	Chief	says.
“The	restaurant,	actually.	Topper’s?	I’m	friendly	with	the	bartender	there.”
“And	what’s	the	bartender’s	name?”
“Name?”	Shooter	says.	“Oh.	Gina.”
“The	bartender	at	Topper’s	is	named	Gina.	And	you	spent	last	night	with	Gina?”
“Yes,”	Shooter	says.
“She	lives	up	there?”	the	Chief	asks.	“At	the	Wauwinet?”
“Yes,”	Shooter	says.	“Staff	housing.”
“Had	you	planned	to	spend	the	night	with	Gina?”	the	Chief	asks.	“Because	the	groom
seemed	to	think	you’d	spent	the	night	in	the	cottage.”
“I	 hadn’t	 planned	 on	 it,	 no,”	 Shooter	 says.	 “It	 was	 just	 a	 booty	 call.	 It	 was	 late,	 she
texted,	I	went	up	there.”
A	 booty	 call.	 The	 Chief	 thinks	 protectively	 of	 Chloe.	 He	 feels	 a	 hundred	 years	 old.
“What	time	was	that?”
“I’m	really	not	sure,”	Shooter	says.
“You	can	check	your	phone,”	the	Chief	says.
Shooter	 slips	 his	 phone	 out	 of	 the	 pocket	 of	 his	 Nantucket	 Reds	 shorts.	 He	 pushes
some	buttons	and	says,	“I	must	have	deleted	the	text.”
“You	must	have	deleted	the	text,”	the	Chief	says.	“Tell	me	why	you	took	your	luggage.
All	of	your	luggage,	from	the	looks	of	it.”
“Right,”	 Shooter	 says.	 His	 tone	 is	 cautious,	 and	 the	 Chief	 can	 practically	 see	 the
shadowy	interior	of	his	mind	where	he’s	groping	around	for	something	solid	to	hold	on	to.
“I	took	my	luggage	because	I	thought	I	might	just	stay	up	at	the	Wauwinet	with	Gina.”
“But	 then	 this	 morning,	 quite	 early,	 I’d	 say,	 you	 showed	 back	 up	 here.	 So	 what
happened?”
“I	changed	my	mind,”	Shooter	says.
“You	 changed	 your	 mind,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 He	 looks	 at	 Shooter	 Uxley.	 The	 kid	 is
sweating,	 but	 then	 again,	 it’s	 hot,	 even	 in	 the	 shade.	 “Would	 you	 mind	 giving	 me	 this
Gina’s	cell	phone	number,	please?”

“Her	number?”	Shooter	says.	“I’d	rather	not.	I	don’t	want	her	to	get	involved	in	this	if
we	can	help	it.”
“We	can’t	help	it,”	the	Chief	says.	“Because	Gina	is	your	alibi.”
“My	alibi?”	Shooter	says.	“Why	do	I	need	an	alibi?”
“We	 have	 an	 unattended	 death,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “And	 you	 were	 missing,	 then	 you
showed	 back	 up.	 Now,	 maybe	 your	 story	 holds	 water.	 Maybe	 you	 did	 go	 up	 to	 the
Wauwinet	to	hook	up	with	Gina	the	bartender	with	all	your	luggage	and	maybe	you	did
then	decide	you	didn’t	like	Gina	that	much	or	that	the	staff	housing	wasn’t	as	nice	as	the
Winburys’	guest	cottage.	That’s	all	feasible.	But	we	have	a	twenty-nine-year-old	woman
dead,	so	I’m	going	to	proceed	with	due	diligence	and	check	out	your	story.	You	can	either
give	 me	 the	 girl’s	 cell	 phone—which	 I	 know	 you	 have	 because	 you	 said	 she	 texted	 you
late	last	night—or	I’ll	call	the	front	desk	of	the	Wauwinet	and	contact	her	that	way.”
Shooter	 gets	 to	 his	 feet.	 “Call	 the	 Wauwinet,”	 he	 says.	 “I	 need	 to	 use	 the	 bathroom
right	now.	My	stomach	is	funny.	I	think	it	was	the	raw	bar	from	last	night.”
“Go	 ahead,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 He’s	 not	 stupid.	 He	 knows	 that	 Shooter	 will	 go	 into	 the
cottage	 to	 “use	 the	 bathroom,”	 but	 really	 he’ll	 text	 Gina	 the	 bartender	 and	 ask	 her	 to
corroborate	his	story.
The	Chief	waits	until	Shooter	disappears	into	the	cottage,	then	he	takes	out	his	phone
and	calls	Bob	from	Old	Salt	Taxi.	Bob,	who	dropped	Shooter	off	here	this	morning,	has
been	a	friend	of	the	Chief’s	for	twenty-five	years.
“Hey,	Bob,”	the	Chief	says.	“It’s	Ed	Kapenash.”
“Ed,”	Bob	says.	“Sorry	I	didn’t	stop	to	chat	this	morning.	You	looked	like	you	were
busy.	What’s	going	on?	Word	on	the	street	is	there	was	a	murder.”
Word	on	the	street.	Already?	Well,	it	is	a	small	island.	“I	can’t	get	into	it,”	the	Chief
says.	“But	you	remember	the	kid	you	dropped	off?	I	need	to	know	where	you	picked	him
up.	Did	you	pick	him	up	at	the	Wauwinet?”
“The	 Wauwinet?”	 Bob	 says.	 “No.	 That	 real	 handsome	 kid	 in	 the	 red	 shorts	 and	 the
blazer?	I	picked	him	up	down	at	the	Steamship.	He	had	a	ticket	for	the	six-thirty	slow	boat
this	morning	but	I	guess	he	missed	it.	And	so	he	asked	me	to	take	him	back	to	Monomoy.
He	said	he	was	staying	there.”
“You’re	sure	you	picked	him	up	at	the	Steamship	dock?”	the	Chief	says.	“And	not	at
the	Wauwinet?”
“Sure	I’m	sure,”	Bob	says.	“I	may	not	be	getting	any	younger	but	I	have	yet	to	make	a
twelve-mile	mistake.	I	picked	that	kid	up	on	Steamboat	Wharf.	He	told	me	he’d	missed
the	six-thirty.”
“Okay,	 Bob,	 wonderful,	 thanks.	 I’ll	 talk	 to	 you.”	 The	 Chief	 hangs	 up	 and	 takes	 a
second	to	think.	Shooter	had	a	ticket	for	the	early	boat?	With	the	wedding	scheduled	for
this	afternoon?	Something	is	going	on.	And	he	flat-out	lied	about	the	Wauwinet.

Why?
A	text	comes	in	on	the	Chief’s	phone.	It’s	from	the	funeral	director,	Bostic,	saying	he’s
on	his	way	to	collect	the	body—which	is	good	news,	considering	the	heat	and	the	fragile
state	 of	 everyone’s	 nerves.	 Bostic	 will	 get	 the	 body	 ready	 for	 transfer	 to	 the	 medical
examiner	on	Cape	Cod.	The	Chief	checks	the	time.	If	everything	goes	perfectly,	they	may
have	a	report	on	the	cause	of	death	by	early	afternoon.
The	 Chief	 waits	 another	 few	 minutes	 for	 Shooter	 to	 emerge.	 By	 now,	 he	 must	 know
he’s	been	caught	in	a	lie.	The	Chief	strides	across	the	shell	driveway	to	the	cottage	that
Shooter	entered	and	knocks	on	the	door.	“Excuse	me?”	he	says.	“Mr.	Uxley?”
No	answer.	He	knocks	harder.	“Sir?”
The	Chief	tries	the	knob.	The	door	is	locked.	He	forces	the	door,	which	feels	extreme,
but	he	wants	Shooter	Uxley	to	know	he	can’t	hide.
The	cottage	is	empty.	The	Chief	checks	the	little	sitting	room,	the	galley	kitchen,	the
bedroom,	and	the	bathroom—where	the	window	is	wide	open.
Shooter	Uxley	is	gone.

Friday,	July	6,	2018,	4:00	p.m.

KAREN

She	wakes	up	from	her	nap	with	the	sun	striping	her	bed	and	for	one	glorious	instant,	she
feels	no	pain.	She	sits	up	without	any	help.	It’s	as	if	Nantucket	Island—the	quality	of	the
air,	the	rarefied	seaside	atmosphere—has	cured	her.	She’s	going	to	be	fine.
“B-B-Betty?”
Karen	 turns.	 Celeste	 emerges	 from	 Karen’s	 bathroom	 wearing	 a	 ruffled	 sundress	 the
color	of	a	tangerine,	a	sunset,	a	monarch	butterfly.	It’s	bright	and	very	flattering.	Celeste
may	have	the	brain	and	temperament	of	a	scientist,	but	she	has	the	body	of	a	bathing-suit
model.	She	inherited	Karen’s	breasts,	which	used	to	be	her	best	feature,	round	and	firm.
But	along	with	the	breasts,	Celeste	may	also	have	inherited	the	predisposition	to	cancer.
Karen	has	made	Celeste	promise	that	as	soon	as	she	and	Benji	are	married	and	Celeste	has
comprehensive	health	insurance,	she	will	go	to	Sloan	Kettering	for	genetic	testing.	And	if
necessary,	she	will	get	screened	every	year.	Early	detection	is	key.
“Hello,	 sweetheart,”	 Karen	 says.	 “What	 are	 you	 doing	 here?	 Surely	 you	 have	 more
important	places	to	be?	This	is	your	time	to	shine.”
“I	was	putting	your	t-t-toiletries	away,”	Celeste	says.	“And	now	I	can	help	you	g-g-get
ready.”
Karen’s	eyes	prick	with	tears.	It	is	she	who	should	be	helping	Celeste,	she	who	should
be	 fussing	 over	 her	 daughter,	 the	 bride.	 But	 there	 is	 no	 denying	 that	 if	 Karen	 is	 to	 get
dressed	and	make	herself	presentable,	she	will	need	help.
“Where’s	your	father?”	she	asks.
“Swimming,”	Celeste	says.
There’s	 a	 stabbing	 pain	 in	 Karen’s	 chest.	 It’s	 jealousy.	 Bruce	 is	 swimming.	 Karen
yearns	to	be	with	him,	to	feel	the	power	of	her	four	limbs.	She	had	once	been	so	strong;
she	remembers	swimming	the	butterfly	leg	on	her	relay	team,	soaring	from	the	water,	arms
stretched	overhead,	legs	pumping	behind.	When	she	looks	back	at	her	life,	she	sees	how
much	she	has	taken	for	granted.
Celeste	is	by	her	side.	Karen	takes	a	moment	to	look	up	at	her	face.	Her	eyes	are	sad,
and	 Karen	 is	 concerned	 about	 the	 stutter,	 although	 she	 hasn’t	 mentioned	 it	 because	 she
doesn’t	 want	 to	 make	 Celeste	 self-conscious	 for	 fear	 that	 the	 stutter	 will	 get	 worse.	 She
knows	that	Benji	and	Celeste	have	whittled	down	their	wedding	vows	so	that	all	Celeste
has	to	say	is	“I	do.”
“Is	everything	okay?”	Karen	asks.
“Yes,	B-B-Betty,	of	course,”	Celeste	says.

The	nickname	never	fails	to	give	Karen	joy,	even	so	many	years	later.	She	is	Betty,	for
Betty	 Crocker,	 because	 Karen	 swears	 by	 the	 tattered,	 spiral-bound	 cookbooks	 she
inherited	from	her	own	mother.	Bruce,	meanwhile,	is	Mac,	for	MacGyver,	because	he	has
a	talent	for	unconventional	problem-solving.	The	man	can	fix	anything	and	prides	himself
on	 not	 having	 called	 a	 repairman	 in	 thirty	 years	 of	 marriage.	 Celeste	 gave	 them	 the
nicknames	when	she	was	eleven	years	old	and	had	outgrown	Mommy	and	Daddy.
Karen	strokes	Celeste’s	forearm	and	Celeste	adjusts	her	smile	so	that	it	seems	almost
real.	She’s	pretending.	But	why?	Is	she	feeling	scared	and	anxious	about	Karen’s	illness?
The	decline	has	been	significant,	Karen	knows,	even	in	the	two	weeks	since	she	last	saw
Celeste.	Karen	had	dropped	thirteen	pounds	as	of	a	week	ago	and	maybe	another	ten	since
then.	 Her	 stomach	 is	 compromised;	 she	 eats	 a	 bite	 or	 two	 of	 food	 per	 meal	 and	 forces
down	enough	Ensure	to	keep	up	her	strength.	Her	hair	is	nothing	but	gray	fuzz,	like	one
finds	on	a	pussy	willow.	Her	eyes	are	sunken,	and	her	limbs	tremble.	It	has	probably	come
as	a	shock	to	Celeste.
But	Karen	isn’t	persuaded	that	she,	Karen,	is	the	reason	for	Celeste’s	pensive,	faraway
mood.	It’s	something	else,	maybe	the	stress	and	pressure	of	being	the	center	of	attention.
This	 wedding	 is	 huge;	 the	 setting	 is	 grandiose.	 Elaborate,	 expensive	 plans	 have	 been
made,	with	Celeste	and	Benji	at	their	center.	It	would	be	intimidating	for	anyone.	When
Karen	married	Bruce,	there	were	six	people	in	attendance	at	the	Easton	courthouse.	She
and	Bruce	celebrated	afterward	with	a	bottle	of	Asti	spumante	and	a	pizza	from	Nicolosi’s.
Or	maybe	the	problem	isn’t	the	wedding.	Maybe	it’s	Benji	himself.	Karen	thinks	back
on	her	ill-advised	visit	to	Kathryn	Randall,	the	psychic.
Chaos.
“Darling,”	Karen	says.
Celeste	looks	at	her	mother,	and	their	eyes	lock.	Karen	sees	the	truth	in	Celeste’s	clear
blue	irises:	she	doesn’t	want	to	marry	Benji.
Karen	needs	to	reassure	Celeste	that	she’s	doing	the	right	thing.	Benji	is	a	good	man.
He	adores	Celeste.	He	keeps	her	on	the	exact	same	pedestal	that	Karen	and	Bruce	placed
her	on	at	the	moment	of	her	birth.	That’s	really	the	wonderful	thing	about	Benji:	He	loves
their	daughter	the	way	she	deserves	to	be	loved.	That…	and	he	has	money.
Karen	would	like	to	pretend	that	the	money	doesn’t	matter,	but	it	does.	For	over	thirty
years,	 Karen	 and	 Bruce	 have	 lived	 from	 paycheck	 to	 paycheck;	 95	 percent	 of	 their
decisions	have	had	to	do	with	money:	Should	they	buy	organic	fruit	so	Celeste	wouldn’t
be	 exposed	 to	 a	 lot	 of	 pesticides?	 (Yes.)	 Should	 they	 drive	 the	 extra	 twenty	 minutes	 to
Phillipsburg,	 New	 Jersey,	 for	 cheaper	 gas?	 (Yes.)	 Should	 they	 take	 Celeste	 to	 the
orthodontist	who	allegedly	had	been	accused	of	child	molestation	but	who	charged	half	as
much	as	the	reputable	orthodontist?	(No.)	They	had	enough	money	to	pay	their	mortgage
and	 send	 Celeste	 to	 college,	 but	 any	 financial	 surprise—a	 leak	 in	 the	 roof,	 a	 raise	 in
property	taxes,	a	cancer	diagnosis—was	enough	to	sink	them.	Karen	doesn’t	want	Celeste
to	have	to	live	that	way.	She	has	a	college	degree	and	a	good	job	at	the	zoo,	but	Benji	can
give	her	everything.	And	everything	is	what	she	deserves.

As	 Karen	 opens	 her	 mouth	 to	 assure	 her	 daughter	 that	 she	 is	 doing	 the	 right	 thing,
Bruce	comes	into	the	room	with	a	navy-and-white-striped	beach	towel	wrapped	around	his
waist.	Karen	feasts	her	eyes	on	her	husband—to	her,	he’s	every	bit	as	beautiful	as	he	was
on	the	pool	balcony	so	many	years	ago.	His	shoulders	are	defined	by	rippling	muscles;	his
chest	is	smooth	and	broad.	They	have	never	had	money	for	gym	memberships;	Bruce	does
old-fashioned	 calisthenics—sit-ups,	 push-ups,	 and	 pull-ups—in	 their	 bedroom	 every
morning	before	work.	He	has	been	outside	for	less	than	an	hour	and	already	his	skin	has	a
healthy	 golden	 glow.	 Karen	 always	 envied	 the	 Mediterranean	 blood	 he’d	 inherited	 from
his	mother.	He	would	go	outside	to	mow	the	lawn	and	come	back	a	bronzed	god.
“Both	my	girls!”	he	says.	“What	a	surprise!”
“D-D-Did	you	get	the	Reds,	Mac?”	Celeste	asks.	“For	t-t-tomorrow?”
“Yes,”	Bruce	says.	He	pulls	a	pair	of	pants	out	of	the	closet;	they	are	the	color	of	dusty
bricks.	“I	don’t	see	what	the	big	deal	is.	It’s	certainly	not	the	style.	Is	it	the	color?	Mrs.
Winbury,	Greer,	told	me	they	would	fade	with	every	washing.	It	sounds	like	I’m	going	to
need	to	spring	for	the	dry	cleaner.”
“N-N-No,	you	should	wash	them,”	Celeste	says.	“That’s	the	idea.	The	m-m-more	they
f-f-fade,	the	c-c-cooler	they	are.”
“That	makes	no	sense,”	Bruce	says.	“Did	you	happen	to	notice	the	black	jeans	I	had	on
earlier?	Sleek	as	a	panther.”
“The	Reds	are	d-d-different,	though,”	Celeste	says.
“It’s	a	Nantucket	thing,	darling,”	Karen	says	to	Bruce.	She	thinks	she	gets	it;	the	older
and	more	worn	the	pants,	the	more	authentic	they	are.	The	sleek-as-a-panther	look,	shiny
and	 new,	 doesn’t	 work	 on	 Nantucket;	 the	 preferred	 aesthetic	 is	 a	 careless	 appearance:
faded	pants,	frayed	collars,	scuffed	penny	loafers.	Bruce	won’t	understand	this	but	Karen
gives	him	a	look	that	implores	him	to	just	get	with	the	program.	The	last	thing	they	want
to	do	is	make	a	fuss	and	embarrass	Celeste.
Bruce	catches	Karen’s	eye	and	seems	to	read	her	mind.	“I’ll	do	as	you	tell	me,	Bug.”
He	 throws	 on	 a	 T-shirt,	 then	 takes	 Celeste’s	 hand	 and	 Karen’s	 hand	 so	 that	 they	 form	 a
human	chain.	But	every	chain	has	a	weak	link,	and	in	their	case,	it’s	Karen.	She’s	leaving
them	 behind.	 The	 agony	 of	 this	 is	 exquisite.	 There	 is	 nothing	 more	 terrible,	 she	 has
decided,	than	the	ferocity	with	which	humans	can	love.
“I	came	in	to	help	B-B-Betty	get	ready,”	Celeste	says.	“The	p-p-party	starts	in	a	little
while.”
“What	about	the	rehearsal?”	Bruce	says.	“Aren’t	we	all	going	to	the	church?”
“Reverend	D-D-Derby’s	flight	from	New	York	was	d-d-delayed	so	we	decided	to	scrap
the	rehearsal,”	Celeste	says.
Karen	is	relieved.	She	isn’t	certain	she	would	have	made	it	through	both	the	rehearsal
and	the	party.	Bruce,	however,	seems	miffed.
“How	are	we	supposed	to	practice	our	walk?”	he	says.

“We	don’t	have	to	p-p-practice,”	Celeste	says.	“We	link	arms,	we	walk.	Slowly.	You
hand	me	off	to	B-B-Benji.	You	k-k-kiss	me.”
“I	 wanted	 to	 practice,”	 Bruce	 says.	 “Practice	 doing	 it	 without	 crying.	 I	 figured	 since
today	 was	 the	 first	 time,	 I’d	 cry,	 but	 then	 tomorrow	 it	 would	 be	 old	 hat	 and	 maybe	 I
wouldn’t	cry.	Maybe.	But	I	wanted	to	practice.”
Celeste	shrugs.	“We	d-d-decided	not	to	d-d-do	it.”
Bruce	nods.	“All	right.	I’ll	help	your	mother.	You	go	relax,	Bug.	Have	a	glass	of	wine.”
“Find	Benji,”	Karen	says.	“The	two	of	you	could	probably	use	some	alone	time	before
all	this	begins.”
“But	I	want	to	stay	here,”	Celeste	says.	“With	b-b-both	of	you.”
Bruce	helps	Karen	in	and	out	of	the	shower.
Celeste	helps	Karen	put	on	a	soft	white	waffle-knit	cotton	robe	with	a	light	terry-cloth
lining—there	are	two	in	every	guest	room,	Celeste	tells	her,	laundered	after	each	use	by
Elida,	 the	 Winburys’	 summer	 housekeeper—and	 then	 Celeste	 rubs	 her	 mother’s	 arms,
back,	and	legs	with	Greer	Garrison’s	favorite	lotion,	La	Prairie	White	Caviar	Illuminating
and	Moisturizing	Cream,	also	in	every	guest	room.	The	lotion	is	like	none	Karen	has	ever
used	before;	it’s	rich,	luscious	even.	Karen’s	skin	drinks	it	in.
Bruce	helps	Karen	get	dressed.	She	is	wearing	a	silk	kimono	over	black	leggings	and	a
pair	of	Tory	Burch	ballet	flats	from	two	seasons	ago	that	Bruce	plucked	off	the	sale	rack
for	pennies.
“Style,”	Bruce	says.	“And	comfort.”
Karen	looks	in	the	mirror.	She’s	swimming	in	the	kimono.	She	tugs	on	the	belt.
“Lipstick,	B-B-Betty,”	Celeste	says.	She	dabs	at	Karen’s	lips	with	the	nub	of	Karen’s
old	standby,	Maybelline’s	New	York	Red.	It’s	the	only	lipstick	Karen	has	ever	worn.	Or
ever	will	wear.
“I’d	say	you’re	ready,”	Bruce	says.	“You	look	stunning.”
“I	 just	 want	 to	 use	 the	 toilet	 real	 quick,”	 Karen	 says.	 This,	 at	 least,	 she	 can	 still	 do
without	help.	She	closes	the	door	to	the	bathroom.	She	needs	an	oxycodone.	Two,	actually,
because	so	much	is	expected	of	her.	She’ll	be	introduced	to	dozens	of	people	she	doesn’t
know	and	wouldn’t	care	about	except	that	some	of	these	people	will	remain	in	Celeste’s
life	 long	 after	 Karen	 is	 gone,	 and	 Karen	 is	 determined	 that	 every	 single	 one	 of	 those
people	will	remember	her,	Celeste’s	mother,	as	a	“lovely	woman.”
Karen	can’t	find	her	oxy.	The	pill	bottle	was	in	her	Vera	Bradley	cosmetic	bag	along
with	 her	 lipstick	 and	 a	 Revlon	 mascara	 that	 was	 rendered	 useless	 when	 she	 lost	 her
eyelashes.	Where…	Karen	tries	not	to	panic	but	those	pills	are	the	only	thing	keeping	her
going.	Without	them,	she	will	curl	up	in	bed	in	a	fetal	position	and	howl	with	pain.
Karen’s	 gaze	 sweeps	 the	 gleaming	 marble,	 glass,	 and	 mirrored	 surfaces	 of	 the	 guest
bathroom.	There’s	Karen’s	toothbrush	in	a	silver	cup.	There’s	the	miraculous	body	cream.

Karen	pulls	open	the	little	drawers,	hoping	that	maybe	Celeste	tucked	her	things	away	so
that	she	would	feel	at	home.
And	 yes—in	 the	 third	 drawer,	 there	 are	 her	 pills.	 Oh,	 thank	 you!	 It	 seems	 like	 an
unusual	 place	 to	 put	 them,	 but	 maybe	 Celeste	 didn’t	 want	 the	 summer	 housekeeper	 to
stumble	 across	 them	 and	 be	 tempted.	 Karen	 thinks	 about	 chastising	 Celeste	 for	 pawing
through	her	things.	Everyone	deserves	a	modicum	of	privacy,	a	secret	or	two.	But	mostly,
Karen	feels	an	overwhelming	relief	that	is	nearly	as	powerful	as	the	pills	themselves.	She
taps	two	oxy	into	her	palm,	fills	the	silver	cup	with	water,	and	swallows.

GREER

She	 checks	 her	 e-mail	 to	 review	 the	 timetable	 that	 Siobhan	 the	 caterer	 sent	 her	 and,
unfortunately,	she	sees	a	new	e-mail	from	Enid	Collins,	Greer’s	editor	at	Livingston	and
Greville,	with	the	subject	line	URGENT.
This	makes	Greer	laugh.	Enid	is	seventy-seven	years	old.	She	has	eleven	grandchildren
and	 one	 great-grandchild	 and	 she	 still	 marks	 up	 Greer’s	 manuscripts	 with	 a	 red	 pencil.
Never	once	in	the	twenty-two	years	that	Enid	has	been	editing	Greer’s	novels	has	she	ever
used	the	word	urgent.	Enid	believes	strongly	in	letting	ideas	marinate—for	days	or	weeks
or	months.	There’s	nothing	Enid	despises	more	than	a	rush.
Greer	checks	the	e-mail	even	though	the	definition	of	urgent	is	transpiring	right	outside
the	 window	 of	 Greer’s	 sitting	 room:	 the	 rental	 people	 are	 setting	 up	 chairs,	 the	 band	 is
doing	a	sound	check,	and	sixty	people	are	due	to	descend	on	Summerland	for	the	rehearsal
dinner,	among	them	Featherleigh	Dale.
Dearest	Greer,	the	e-mail	begins	(Enid	composes	all	of	her	e-mails	as	formal	letters).
I’m	sure	you	will	understand	how	it	pains	me	to	tell	you	this,	since	I	have	long
been	a	champion	of	your	work,	your	very	first	champion,	if	you	remember.
Yes,	 Greer	 does	 remember.	 She	 was	 out	 of	 her	 mind	 with	 boredom	 when	 she	 was
pregnant	 with	 Thomas—Tag	 was	 at	 the	 office	 day	 and	 night	 back	 then—and	 so	 she’d
started	writing	a	murder	mystery	set	in	the	sixth	arrondissement	of	Paris	entitled	Prey	in
the	Saint-Germain-des-Prés.	She	had	sent	it	off	to	Livingston	and	Greville,	the	publishing
house	that	brought	out	the	mysteries	Greer	most	enjoyed	herself,	and,	lo	and	behold,	she
received	a	letter	of	interest	from	an	established	editor	named	Enid	Collins	who	said	she
would	 like	 to	 publish	 the	 book	 and	 might	 Greer	 be	 able	 to	 meet	 and	 discuss	 terms	 of
payment	 and	 editorial	 changes?	 This	 had	 launched	 the	 Dolly	 Hardaway	 murder	 mystery
series,	 the	 most	 successful	 of	 which,	 The	 Killer	 on	 Khao	 San	 Road,	 was	 made	 into	 a
movie	that	had	somehow	attained	that	elusive	thing	known	as	cult	status.
But	since	we	have	been	bought	by	Turnhaute	Publishing	Group,	my	autonomy
has	been	greatly	diminished.
Is	it	really	the	fault	of	the	corporate	Goliath	of	Turnhaute,	fondly	known	as	Turncoat,
Greer	 wonders,	 or	 is	 Enid	 being	 pushed	 out	 because	 of	 her	 advanced	 age?	 Her	 driver’s
license	will	be	the	next	thing	taken,	Greer	supposes.
My	 editorial	 director,	 Mr.	 Charles	 O’Brien,	 also	 read	 your	 manuscript	 and	 he
has	 deemed	 it	 “unacceptable.”	 He	 has	 asked	 me	 to	 let	 you	 know	 you	 have	 a
fortnight	to	rewrite	it	entirely.	He	suggests	you	use	an	alternate	exotic	locale,	one
you	 can	 describe	 with	 more	 “colorful	 detail”	 than	 what	 he	 calls	 the	 rather	 “pale”

version	 of	 Santorini	 you	 present	 here.	 I’m	 sorry	 to	 be	 so	 blunt	 and	 to	 bear	 this
dreadful	 news,	 my	 darling	 Greer.	 But	 a	 fortnight	 makes	 your	 new	 due	 date	 July
21,	and	I	felt	it	best	to	be	direct	in	light	of	that	looming	deadline.
With	best	wishes,
Enid	Collins
Hell	 and	 damnation,	 Greer	 thinks.	 Her	 twenty-first	 manuscript	 has	 been…	 rejected,
then?	 Who	 is	 this	 Charles	 O’Brien	 and	 what	 does	 he	 know?	 Charlie,	 old	 Chuck,	 an
Irishman.	Greer	can’t	bring	to	mind	an	Irish	writer	she	has	ever	admired.	She	has	always
despised	Joyce,	pretentious	sod,	writing	in	code	and	asking	his	readers	to	follow	the	twists
and	 turns	 of	 his	 demented	 mind.	 She	 finds	 Wilde	 predictable,	 Swift	 histrionic,	 Beckett
inscrutable,	Stoker	overrated,	and	Yeats	dull.
Her	 cell	 phone	 pings.	 It’s	 Benji.	 Roger	 has	 questions	 about	 the	 seating	 chart.
Where	are	you?
In	my	sitting	room.	Witnessing	the	end	of	my	career.
What	 had	 old	 Chuck	 O’Brien	 said	 about	 the	 book?	 Pale.	 He	 had	 called	 Greer’s
description	of	Santorini	pale	and	suggested	Greer	use	a	different	exotic	locale.
It	 has	 been	 over	 thirty	 years	 since	 Greer	 set	 foot	 on	 Santorini.	 She	 chose	 it	 only
because	back	in	August	when	Benji	proposed	to	Celeste,	he	mentioned	he	would	like	to
honeymoon	 there.	 Greer’s	 own	 memories	 of	 the	 place	 were	 brilliant.	 She	 recalled	 stark
limestone	cliffs	and	a	red	beach,	colored	by	iron	deposits;	robust,	bushy-haired	Greek	men
selling	freshly	caught	fish	in	woven	baskets;	she	remembered	the	deep	aquamarine	of	the
Aegean	 Sea,	 whitewashed	 churches	 with	 cobalt-blue	 domes,	 the	 winding	 streets	 of	 Oia,
the	 seafood	 restaurants	 where	 the	 water	 practically	 lapped	 onto	 one’s	 feet	 and	 everyone
was	 offered	 the	 same	 wine,	 a	 lovely,	 crisp	 white	 that	 was	 made	 on	 the	 east	 side	 of	 the
island.	Greer	and	Tag	had	chartered	a	catamaran,	and	Tag	had	sailed	them	around	while
Greer	sat	under	a	canopy	wearing	a	floppy	straw	hat	and	Jackie	O.	sunglasses.	They	had
swum	into	the	beaches	from	the	boat	and	paid	the	cabana	boys	two	drachmas	for	chaises
and	an	umbrella.	Greer	had	left	the	island	with	recipes	for	garlicky	tzatziki,	grilled	chicken
with	lemon	and	fresh	oregano,	and	of	course	her	famous	lamb	souvlaki.
She	had	been	dismayed	to	find,	upon	researching	Santorini	2018	via	the	internet,	that
Oia	is	now	home	to	a	Jimmy	Choo	boutique	and	that	the	donkey	ride	from	the	port	up	to
Fira	has	been	given	a	one-star	rating	on	TripAdvisor.	Greer	had	adored	the	donkey	ride.
If	she	is	very	honest	with	herself,	she	will	admit	that	the	novel	did	feel	a	bit	thin	on
plot,	 a	 bit	 slapdash,	 a	 bit	 “phoned	 in,”	 as	 it	 were.	 The	 key	 to	 a	 good	 whodunit	 is	 a
murderer	 who	 is	 hiding	 in	 plain	 sight.	 Her	 character	 with	 the	 newly	 acquired	 stutter	 is,
perhaps,	 underdeveloped.	 She	 remembers	 thinking	 when	 she	 handed	 the	 novel	 in,	 Well,
that	wasn’t	so	bad.	She	had	delivered	a	seventy-five-thousand-word	manuscript	on	time,
despite	planning	a	wedding	to	rival	Prince	Harry’s,	and	she	hadn’t	pulled	her	hair	out	or
been	committed	to	an	insane	asylum.
Things	that	seem	too	good	to	be	true	usually	are.

Can	she	rewrite	the	novel	in	a	fortnight?	(No	one	but	the	British—scratch	that—no	one
but	Enid	Collins	still	uses	the	term	fortnight.)
She	isn’t	sure.	She’ll	have	to	wait	and	see	how	the	weekend	goes.
She	 clicks	 out	 of	 Enid,	 clicks	 out	 of	 e-mail	 entirely.	 Thinking	 about	 the	 unpleasant
reality	of	her	work	life	has	provided	a	distraction,	at	least,	from	the	even	more	unpleasant
reality	 of	 the	 present	 moment.	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 will	 be	 arriving	 in	 less	 than	 an	 hour.
Featherleigh	is	the	rare	party	guest	who	sees	fit	to	show	up	exactly	on	time.	She	does	this,
Greer	 suspects,	 so	 that	 she	 can	 have	 some	 private	 moments	 with	 Tag.	 Tag	 is	 ready	 for
every	occasion	half	an	hour	early	and	Greer	is	always	half	an	hour	late.	It	is	a	cunning	and
perceptive	woman	indeed	who	notes	this	habit	and	takes	advantage	of	it,	as	Featherleigh
does.
Greer	 changes	 into	 her	 party	 outfit—a	 sleek	 ivory	 silk	 jumpsuit	 by	 Halston,	 vintage,
that	looks	like	something	Bianca	Jagger	might	have	worn	to	Studio	54.	It’s	one	of	the	most
fabulous	pieces	Greer	owns.	She	had	the	trousers	temporarily	shortened	so	that	she	might
wear	the	jumpsuit	barefoot	in	the	sand,	showing	off	her	toenails,	which	have	been	painted
pale	 blue.	 Her	 mother-of-the-groom	 dress	 for	 tomorrow	 is	 proper—which	 is	 to	 say,
matronly—and	 so	 tonight,	 Greer	 is	 going	 to	 emphasize	 her	 youthful,	 fun,	 carefree	 side.
(Tag	might	say	she	abandoned	this	side	of	herself	in	the	nineties	and	he	might	be	partially
correct,	 but	 she	 is	 reasserting	 it	 tonight.)	 For	 the	 first	 time	 since	 primary	 school,	 she	 is
going	out	in	public	with	her	hair	down,	all	the	way	down,	straight	and	loose	on	both	sides
of	her	face.	She	always	wears	her	hair	up	or	back,	normally	in	a	chignon,	sometimes	in	a
tight	ballerina	bun,	occasionally	braided	for	casual	occasions.	When	she	exercises,	which
is	infrequently,	she	wears	her	hair	in	a	ponytail.	She	never	allows	herself	to	wear	it	like
this—like	a	hippie,	or	something	worse.
But	it’s	sexy.	She	looks	younger.
When	she	goes	into	the	kitchen,	Tag	whistles.	“You’d	better	get	out	of	here	before	my
wife	sees	you.	She’s	quite	formidable,	with	her	hairpins	and	her	diamonds.”
Greer	grins	at	him.	She	doesn’t	do	this	enough,	she	realizes.	Tag	always	gets	the	worst
of	her:	her	laser	focus,	her	inflexibility,	her	condescension,	her	acerbic	tongue.	She	used	to
love	 that	 she	 could	 be	 herself	 in	 front	 of	 him,	 but	 now	 it	 feels	 like	 all	 he	 gets	 is	 the
negative,	unpleasant,	unflattering	aspects	of	Greer	Garrison;	the	sweet,	gentle,	caring	parts
of	her	she	saves	for	others—her	sons,	certainly,	but	also	virtual	strangers,	such	as	her	fans,
waiters	at	restaurants,	and	retail	girls	in	shops.	Greer	is	nicer	to	Tita	at	the	Nantucket	post
office	than	she	is	to	her	own	husband.
She	stands	before	him,	raises	her	face,	lowers	her	eyelids,	purses	her	lips.
“Darling,”	he	says.	“You	look	gorgeous.	No,	I	take	that	back.	You	look	hot.”	He	kisses
her,	and	his	hands	cup	her	behind.
The	doorbell	rings.	That,	Greer	thinks,	will	be	Featherleigh.
It	isn’t	a	question	of	if	Tag	has	slept	with	Featherleigh	Dale,	it’s	a	question	of	how	many
times,	 how	 recently,	 and	 how	 far	 things	 went	 between	 them	 emotionally.	 Featherleigh

Dale	is	the	much	younger	sister	of	the	late	Hamish	Dale,	who	was	Tag’s	closest	friend	at
Oxford.	To	hear	the	stories,	Featherleigh	used	to	come	visit	the	boys	at	school	when	she
was	 merely	 eight	 years	 old	 and	 would	 accompany	 them	 first	 to	 the	 pub	 and	 then	 to	 the
Nosebag,	where	they	would	reward	Featherleigh’s	patience	with	cheddar	scones	and	lime
posset.	They	also	used	her	as	a	lure	for	young	female	students	who	thought	it	adorable	that
Hamish	and	Tag	were	minding	a	little	sister.
Hamish	was	killed	six	years	earlier	in	a	gruesome	car	crash	on	the	M1.	Greer	and	Tag
and	 Thomas	 and	 Benji	 flew	 to	 London	 for	 the	 funeral	 and	 became	 reacquainted	 with
Featherleigh,	who	was	then	all	grown	up	and	living	in	Sloane	Square,	working	in	the	fine
carpet	division	of	Sotheby’s.	As	far	as	Greer	knows,	nothing	happened	between	Tag	and
Featherleigh	 at	 the	 reception	 following	 Hamish’s	 funeral,	 although	 certainly	 cards	 were
exchanged	 because	 after	 that,	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 started	 to	 appear	 at	 nearly	 every	 social
event	the	Winburys	attended.	She	had	shown	up	at	a	graduation	party	for	Thomas’s	lawschool	roommate	held	at	the	Carlyle	Hotel	in	New	York,	and	that	was	when	Greer	grew
suspicious.	 What	 were	 the	 chances	 that	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 would	 be	 at	 that	 party?
Featherleigh	claimed	she	had	bumped	into	Thomas	at	a	club	downtown	a	few	days	earlier
and	that	he	had	invited	her.	Ha!	Preposterous!
The	next	time	they	had	run	into	Featherleigh	Dale	had	been	when	Tag	and	Greer	took
Thomas	 and	 Abby	 to	 Little	 Dix	 Bay	 in	 Virgin	 Gorda	 over	 the	 Christmas	 holidays.
Featherleigh	had	appeared	on	an	enormous	yacht	belonging	to	some	Saudi	Arabian	sheikh
who	was	quite	definitely	gay.
Somehow,	Featherleigh	had	insinuated	herself	into	Greer’s	life	as	well.	When	she	left
Sotheby’s,	she	started	her	own	business	as	a	personal	shopper	who	matched	antiques	with
private	homes	in	London.	Featherleigh	was	too	smart	to	come	to	Greer	first.	Instead,	she
started	 finding	 pieces	 for	 Greer’s	 London	 neighbor	 Antonia.	 When	 Antonia	 mentioned
that	she	had	gotten	a	hard-to-find	Kano	School	Japanese	screen	from	Featherleigh	Dale,
Greer	 had	 said,	 Oh!	 I	 know	 Featherleigh.	 And	 the	 next	 thing	 Greer	 knew,	 Featherleigh
was	calling	her	about	this	Morris	chair	and	that	Biedermeier	walnut	commode.
Now	Featherleigh	is	as	much	a	part	of	Greer’s	life	as	she	may	or	may	not	be	of	Tag’s.
There	was	no	question	about	whether	or	not	to	invite	her	to	the	wedding.	They	had	to.
And	there	was	no	surprise	in	Featherleigh’s	response.	Despite	Greer’s	fierce	wish	that
Featherleigh	 would	 decline,	 she	 had	 responded	 yes.	 For	 one.	 She	 would	 be	 attending
alone.
Will	she	be	wearing	the	silver-lace	ring	with	the	sapphires?	Greer	wonders.	The	ring	is
meant	to	be	worn	on	the	thumb.	When	Jessica	Hicks,	the	jewelry	designer,	told	Greer	this,
Greer	had	thought	she’d	misunderstood.	Who	wears	a	ring	on	her	thumb?	Only	gypsies,	so
far	as	Greer	knows.	It	sounds	like	a	trend—but	of	course,	no	one	adores	a	trend	more	than
Featherleigh.	She	had	moved	to	Sloane	Square	only	because	it	was	where	a	young	Diana
Spencer	 once	 lived.	 And	 what	 about	 Featherleigh’s	 penchant	 for	 cold-shoulder	 dresses,
which	 Donna	 Karan	 helped	 make	 popular	 in	 1993?	 Greer	 can	 too	 easily	 picture
Featherleigh	waltzing	right	into	Greer’s	home	with	the	ring	on	her	thumb.	Greer	hopes	she
can	keep	her	composure	while	she	admires	the	ring	and	asks	Featherleigh	where	she	got	it.

She	will	then	watch	Featherleigh	Dale	squirm.
An	hour	into	the	rehearsal	dinner	(a	bit	of	a	misnomer,	as	the	rehearsal	was	canceled	due
to	 Reverend	 Derby’s	 travel	 delay),	 Greer	 is	 enjoying	 herself	 immensely.	 She	 is	 floating
between	the	front	lawn	and	the	beach	in	her	bare	feet	with	a	glass	of	champagne	in	her
hand	that	one	of	the	adorable	girls	who	work	for	the	caterer	is	in	charge	of	keeping	filled.
Greer	asks	the	girl	her	name.
“Chloe,”	she	says.	“Chloe	MacAvoy.”
“Don’t	be	a	stranger,	Chloe!”	Greer	says.	A	steady	stream	of	champagne	is	the	key	to
Greer	staying	relaxed.
It’s	a	glorious	night.	There’s	a	light	breeze	off	the	water,	and	the	sky	looks	like	a	blue
ombré	 silk	 scarf	 as	 the	 sun	 descends,	 setting	 the	 Nantucket	 skyline	 aglow.	 The	 band	 is
playing	songs	by	James	Taylor,	Jimmy	Buffett,	the	Beach	Boys.	Greer	tries	to	manage	her
time	among	all	of	the	guests	arriving	and	the	major	players—Benji,	Celeste,	the	wedding
party,	and	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Otis.	Mrs.	Otis—Karen—looks	lovely	in	an	embroidered	kimono.
She	leans	on	her	cane	for	a	few	minutes	talking	with	Tag’s	interminably	boring	colleague
from	work	and	then,	just	as	Greer	feels	she	must	swoop	in	and	save	the	poor	woman—
with	so	little	time	left,	Karen	has	none	to	waste	on	Peter	Walls—Bruce	leads	Karen	over
to	a	chair	at	the	edge	of	the	action.	She	will	sit	and	receive	visitors	like	a	queen.	As	she
should.
Benji	is	talking	with	Shooter	and	the	four	Alexanders	from	Hobart—Alex	K.,	Alex	B.,
Alex	W.,	and	Zander.	Greer	is	fond	of	Benji’s	Hobart	friends—all	of	them	have	spent	long
weekends	here	at	Summerland—but	no	one	has	captured	Greer’s	heart	quite	as	much	as
Shooter.	 Shooter	 Uxley	 is	 the	 son	 of	 a	 Palm	 Beach	 real	 estate	 scion	 and	 his	 mistress.
Shooter’s	mother	got	pregnant	with	the	sole	intention	of	eliciting	a	marriage	proposal,	but
it	never	came.	The	father	had	five	other	children	by	two	wives	and	he	was	senile	enough
to	let	one	of	his	older	sons	oversee	his	will,	which	cut	Shooter	and	his	mother	out	entirely.
Shooter	had	somehow	managed	to	produce	the	tuition	for	his	last	year	at	St.	George’s,	but
after	graduation	he	had	been	forced	to	find	a	job.	That	he	has	turned	himself	into	such	a
success	is	a	testament	to	his	intelligence,	his	charm,	and	his	perseverance.
Greer	 sips	 her	 champagne	 and	 wanders	 to	 the	 raw	 bar,	 where	 Tag	 is	 sucking	 down
oyster	after	oyster,	dripping	shellfish	liquor	onto	his	bespoke	pink	shirt,	tailored	for	him	at
Henry	Poole.	Despite	how	much	Tag	loves	New	York,	he	trusts	only	Savile	Row	tailors,
and	yet	he	seems	to	think	nothing	of	defiling	said	shirts	in	the	name	of	a	good	bivalve.	He
would	stay	here	all	night	if	Greer	let	him.
“You	should	take	a	plate	of	those	over	to	the	Otises,”	Greer	says.	“Karen	is	sitting	and
Bruce	is	stationed	at	her	side	like	the	Swiss	Guard.”
“Do	they	eat	oysters,	do	you	think?”	Tag	asks.
Good	question.	Celeste	confided	that	Mrs.	Otis	is	excited	about	having	lobster—there
had	been	some	confusion	with	the	term	clambake—because	she,	Karen	Otis,	hasn’t	eaten
lobster	since	her	honeymoon	more	than	thirty	years	earlier.	Greer	tried	to	hide	her	shock.

At	the	end	of	every	summer	on	this	island,	it	was	all	Greer	could	do	not	to	feel	weary	of
lobster,	 after	 having	 lobster	 rolls	 at	 Cru,	 the	 lobster	 spaghetti	 from	 the	 Boarding	 House,
lobster	 fritters	 and	 tartlets	 and	 beignets	 and	 avocado-toast-with-lobster	 at	 every	 cocktail
party	she	attends.	But,	of	course,	Karen	Otis	lives	a	vastly	different	life.	Greer	informed
Siobhan	Crispin,	the	caterer,	that	the	mother	of	the	bride	was	to	be	offered	as	much	lobster
as	 she	 wanted	 and	 that	 all	 uneaten	 lobsters	 should	 be	 cracked	 and	 the	 meat	 stashed	 in	 a
bag	in	the	fridge	of	the	main	house	in	case	Mrs.	Otis	craved	a	midnight	snack.
“Just	offer,	please,”	Greer	says	to	Tag.	“Take	some	of	the	shrimp	with	cocktail	sauce
and	lemons—they’ll	like	that.”
“Good	idea,”	Tag	says.	He	leans	over	to	kiss	her.	“You’re	very	thoughtful.”
“And	hot,”	she	reminds	him.
“Hottest	woman	here,”	Tag	says.	“Not	that	I’ve	noticed	another	soul.”
“Have	you	seen	Featherleigh?”	Greer	asks.	This	will	not	seem	like	a	loaded	question,
because	in	all	this	time,	Greer	has	never	confronted	Tag	with	her	suspicions.
“I	caught	a	glimpse,”	Tag	says.	“She	looks	god-awful.”
“Does	 she?”	 Greer	 says,	 although	 she	 knows	 the	 answer	 is	 yes.	 Greer	 sought
Featherleigh	 out	 immediately	 after	 dealing	 with	 the	 last-minute	 party	 logistics,	 and
although	it’s	ungracious,	Greer	will	say	that	the	twenty	pounds	(at	least)	that	Featherleigh
has	gained	and	Featherleigh’s	bad	haircut	and	her	even	worse	dye	job	and	her	reddened
nose	are	the	best	things	about	this	wedding	weekend	so	far.
Greer	had	checked	both	of	Featherleigh’s	hands—she	was	not	wearing	the	ring.	Greer
had	found	herself	almost	deflated	by	this;	she	had	been	ready	for	a	confrontation.	Instead,
Greer	had	no	choice	but	to	be	civil.
“Featherleigh	Dale,	you’re	a	sight	for	sore	eyes.”
The	 corners	 of	 Featherleigh’s	 mouth	 had	 pulled	 down	 unattractively.	 “Thank	 you	 for
having	 me,”	 she’d	 said.	 She	 had	 then	 proceeded	 to	 detail	 the	 horror	 of	 her	 travel.	 No
money	for	a	first-class	ticket	so	she	was	squished	in	coach.	The	flight	from	New	York	to
Nantucket	 was	 overbooked,	 everyone	 was	 obnoxious,	 there	 was	 no	 decent	 food	 at	 the
airport,	she’d	had	a	Nathan’s	hot	dog	and	the	thing	was	as	shriveled	as	a	mummy’s	pecker.
She	finds	Nantucket	damp,	just	look	at	her	hair,	the	place	she	booked	is	an	inn,	not	a	hotel,
so	 there’s	 no	 room	 service,	 no	 fitness	 center,	 no	 spa,	 and	 the	 pillowcases	 are	 decorated
with	 tulle	 flowers,	 they’re	 honestly	 the	 most	 hideous	 things	 she’s	 ever	 seen,	 how	 she’s
supposed	to	lay	her	head	on	something	like	that	she	has	no	idea,	but	the	inn	was	the	only
place	available	because	she’d	waited	until	the	last	minute.	She	wasn’t	going	to	come	at	all
because	she	was	so	low	on	funds,	but	then	she	hoped	the	trip	would	help	snap	her	out	of
her	funk.
“Funk?”	Greer	asked,	wondering	if	this	litany	was	ever	going	to	end.
“My	business	went	belly-up,”	Featherleigh	said.	“And	I’ve	been	through	a	devastating
breakup”—Aha!	Greer	thinks.	So	it’s	over	with	Tag?—“which	is	why	I	have	this	bad	dye

job	and	I	look	like	an	absolute	hippo.	It’s	been	all	vodka	and	fish	and	chips	and	takeout
vindaloo	for	me.	I’m	forty-five	years	old,	I’m	not	married,	I	have	no	children,	I	have	no
job,	I’m	under	investigation—”
“A	 devastating	 breakup?”	 Greer	 said,	 backing	 up	 to	 the	 only	 one	 of	 Featherleigh’s
complaints	that	she	cared	about.	“I	didn’t	realize	you	were	seeing	anyone	special.”
“It	was	on	the	down-low,”	Featherleigh	said.	Her	eyes	filled	with	tears.	“He’s	married.
I	knew	he	was	married,	but	I	thought…”
“You	 thought	 he	 would	 leave	 his	 wife	 for	 you?”	 Greer	 asked.	 She	 had	 gathered
Featherleigh	 up	 in	 a	 hug,	 mostly	 to	 put	 an	 end	 to	 the	 tears—nothing	 kills	 a	 party	 like
somebody	 weeping—and	 said,	 “Men	 never	 leave	 their	 wives,	 Featherleigh.	 You’re	 old
enough	to	know	better.	Is	it	anyone	I	know?”
Featherleigh	 had	 sniffed	 and	 shaken	 her	 head	 against	 Greer’s	 shoulder.	 Greer	 eased
away,	suddenly	concerned	about	mascara	on	her	ivory	silk	jumpsuit.	Would	Featherleigh
cry	 about	 her	 breakup	 with	 Tag	 to	 Greer?	 Was	 she	 capable	 of	 that	 kind	 of	 insidious
deception?
“And	why,”	Greer	asked,	“are	you	under	investigation?”
“For	fraud,”	Featherleigh	admitted	glumly.
So	 clearly	 she	 was	 capable	 of	 deception.	 And	 that	 would	 explain	 the	 absence	 of	 the
ring.
“When	was	this	breakup?”	Greer	had	asked.	“Recently?”
Featherleigh’s	bottom	lip	trembled.	“May,”	she	said.
May?	Greer	thought.	She’s	positive	Jessica	Hicks	said	that	Tag	had	bought	the	ring	in
June.	But	Greer	supposes	she	could	have	been	mistaken;	she	should	have	asked	Jessica	to
forward	the	receipt	to	her	e-mail,	but	Greer	had	been	so	stunned,	so	seized	with	angst,	that
she	had	hurried	out	of	the	store	without	proper	follow-up.
After	 writing	 twenty-one	 novels	 in	 the	 persona	 of	 Miss	 Dolly	 Hardaway,	 Greer	 had
cultivated	 the	 mind-set	 of	 a	 detective.	 Once	 her	 head	 cleared	 of	 all	 this	 champagne	 and
excitement,	she	would	go	back	over	the	events	of	May	with	a	fine-tooth	comb.	See	what
nits	she	could	pick.
“Go	get	yourself	a	drink,”	Greer	had	said.	“It	certainly	sounds	like	you	could	use	one.”
Greer’s	seating	chart	is	brilliant,	she	thinks,	except	that	the	seat	of	honor,	the	seat	next	to
Benji,	is	empty.	Where	is	Celeste?	She’s	sitting	with	her	parents,	naturally,	playing	nanny
to	both	Karen	 and	 Bruce.	 Celeste	 cracks	 the	 claws	 of	 her	 mother’s	 lobster	 and	 pulls	 the
snowy	meat	from	it	with	the	slender	silver	pick,	just	as	Greer	taught	her.	She	pries	the	tail
meat	 free	 and	 cuts	 it	 into	 bite-size	 pieces,	 then	 identifies	 the	 cups	 of	 melted	 butter.
Because	 this	 is	 an	 Island	 Fare	 clambake,	 every	 traditional	 element	 has	 been	 given	 a
sophisticated	 twist.	 There	 are	 three	 kinds	 of	 melted	 butter	 for	 the	 lobster:	 regular,	 lime,
and	 chili	 pepper.	 There	 are	 two	 types	 of	 corn	 bread,	 one	 with	 whole	 sweet	 corn	 kernels
and	one	with	pork	cracklings.	There	are	also	feathery-light	buttermilk	biscuits	made	even

more	 savory	 by	 the	 addition	 of	 aged	 English	 cheddar.	 Alongside	 the	 standard	 grilled
linguica	are	house-made	lamb	sausages,	another	offering	to	please	the	Brits.	In	the	center
of	 every	 table	 is	 a	 pinwheel	 of	 Bartlett’s	 Farm	 hothouse	 tomatoes	 drizzled	 with	 a	 thick,
tangy	blue	cheese	dressing	and	sprinkled	with	chopped	green	onions	and	crispy	bacon.
Celeste	goes	through	the	same	lobster	routine	with	her	father.	Greer	notices	the	tender
attention	 Celeste	 pays	 to	 her	 parents.	 It’s	 remarkable.	 It’s	 envy-inspiring.	 Greer	 believes
she	did	an	impeccable	job	parenting	her	boys	but	she	knows	bloody	well	they	would	never
treat	 her	 with	 this	 kind	 of	 loving,	 thoughtful	 care.	 The	 bond	 that	 Celeste	 has	 with	 her
parents	 is	 special;	 anyone	 can	 see	 that.	 Maybe	 it’s	 because	 her	 mother	 is	 dying—but
somehow,	 Greer	 doesn’t	 think	 that’s	 the	 sole	 reason.	 Maybe	 it’s	 because	 the	 Otises	 had
Celeste	when	they	were	so	young.	Maybe	it’s	because	Celeste	is	an	only	child.
Maybe	Greer	should	stop	wondering.
Greer	splits	a	biscuit	in	half.	She’ll	allow	herself	two	bites.	She	turns	to	Tag.	“Do	the
boys	love	me,	do	you	think?”
“Is	that	an	actual	question?”	Tag	asks.
Chloe	appears	at	Greer’s	shoulder	with	yet	another	glass	of	champagne.	Greer	should
stop	 drinking	 because	 following	 the	 question	 Do	 the	 boys	 love	 me?	 are	 a	 host	 of	 other
questions.	 Does	 Tag	 love	 her?	 Does	 anyone	 else	 love	 her?	 Does	 anyone	 appreciate	 just
how	much	hard	work	this	wedding	has	entailed?	It	took	money,	yes,	but	also	a	good	deal
of	 time—hundreds	 of	 hours,	 if	 Greer	 added	 it	 up,	 on	 lists,	 phone	 calls,	 logistics.	 She
essentially	cannibalized	her	career	because	the	wedding	came	first,	her	novel	second—and
some	bloke	named	Chuck	O’Brien	has	now	called	her	on	it.	Can	she	write	the	novel	all
over	again,	or	write	a	new	novel	start	to	finish	in	a	fortnight?	Maybe	without	the	wedding
as	a	distraction,	yes.
Did	Tag	have	an	affair	with	Featherleigh	that	ended	in	May?
No	 more	 champagne.	 Greer	 has	 to	 stop.	 But	 the	 flute	 is	 such	 a	 pretty	 shape	 and	 the
liquid	is	an	irresistible	platinum	color;	the	bubbles	wink	at	her	seductively	and	she	knows
exactly	how	it	will	taste:	cool	and	crisp,	like	an	apple	just	plucked	from	the	branch.
Celeste	takes	her	seat	next	to	Benji	and	for	a	moment,	Greer	relaxes.	Everyone	is	in	his
or	her	proper	place.	“We	should	probably	do	the	toasts	now,”	Greer	says.	“Before	people
get	antsy.”
“I	 thought	 toasts	 were	 scheduled	 for	 after	 dinner	 but	 before	 dessert,”	 Tag	 says.	 He
checks	his	watch.	“I	have	a	quick	call	with	Ernie	at	nine.”
“What?”	Greer	says.	“A	call	with	Ernie	at	nine	o’clock	tonight?”
“It’s	the	Libya	deal,”	Tag	says.	“It’ll	be	quick	but	I	can’t	reschedule;	Ernie	is	going	to
Tripoli	in	the	morning.	This	deal	is	big,	darling.	Big,	big.”	Tag	kisses	Greer	and	stands	up,
leaving	an	untouched	lobster	tail	on	his	plate.
“Make	 it	 quick,	 quick,”	 Greer	 says,	 trying	 to	 maintain	 her	 playful	 attitude.	 Her	 eyes
flick	across	the	tent	to	where	Featherleigh	is	sitting;	Greer	placed	her	in	social	Siberia	with

Tag’s	work	colleagues,	among	them	the	tedious	Peter	Walls.	If	Featherleigh	follows	Tag
out,	Greer	will	know	there	is	no	call	to	Ernie.
But	Featherleigh	stays	put;	she	doesn’t	even	seem	to	notice	Tag	leaving	the	party.	Or
actually,	 yes,	 she	 does.	 Her	 eyes	 trail	 him.	 Her	 expression	 holds	 longing,	 Greer	 thinks,
except,	really,	her	own	judgment	can’t	be	trusted	after	so	many	glasses	of	champagne.	But
Featherleigh	doesn’t	move.	Instead,	she	lavishly	butters	a	piece	of	corn	bread	and	pops	it
into	her	mouth.	Greer	pushes	her	own	plate	away.
Bruce	Otis,	adhering	to	Greer’s	wishes	if	not	the	precise	timetable,	stands	up	and	clinks
his	spoon	against	his	water	glass.
“Ladies	and	gentlemen,	I’m	Bruce	Otis,	father	of	the	bride,”	he	says.	“I’d	like	to	make
a	toast.”
A	 murmur	 ripples	 through	 the	 crowd;	 the	 band	 stops	 playing	 and	 everyone	 quiets
down.	Greer	is	grateful.	She	isn’t	sure	how	much	practice	Mr.	Otis	has	at	speaking	to	a
group	this	size	but	it’s	always	easier	when	people	are	well	behaved.
“When	 I	 met	 my	 wife,	 Karen,	 I	 thought	 I	 was	 the	 luckiest	 man	 alive.	 Boy,	 not	 man,
because	when	I	met	Karen,	I	was	only	seventeen	years	old.	But	I	knew	I	loved	her.	I	could
see	myself	growing	old	with	her.	Which	is	exactly	what	we’ve	gone	and	done.”
There	is	gentle	laughter.
“And	 I	 know	 I	 speak	 for	 Karen	 when	 I	 say	 that	 our	 love	 for	 each	 other	 was	 so
extraordinary	that	years	went	by	when	neither	of	us	wanted	children.	We	were	so	happy
just	being	together.	I	would	work	all	week,	and	every	day	at	five	o’clock	the	sun	came	out
for	me	because	I	got	to	go	home	to	this	beautiful,	extraordinary	woman.	On	Saturdays	we
used	to	run	our	errands.	We	would	go	to	the	post	office	to	mail	packages	or	check	our	box,
and	the	line	was	always	extra-long	on	Saturdays,	but	you	know	what?	I	didn’t	care.	I	could
wait	 an	 hour.	 I	 could	 wait	 all	 day…	 because	 I	 was	 with	 Karen.”	 Bruce’s	 voice	 starts	 to
crack	and	Greer	can	see	tears	shining	in	his	eyes	and	she	realizes	that	he’s	using	this	toast
as	 a	 way	 to	 pay	 tribute	 to	 his	 wife.	 It’s	 brilliant;	 Karen	 deserves	 this	 and	 more.	 She
deserves	a	cure	or	a	cutting-edge	clinical	trial	that	puts	her	into	remission	for	ten	years,	or
even	five	years—at	least	then	she	might	be	able	to	meet	her	future	grandchildren.	Celeste
has	confided	to	Greer	that	she	sends	a	hundred	dollars	from	each	of	her	paychecks	to	the
Breast	Cancer	Research	Fund	without	Karen’s	or	Bruce’s	knowledge.	Greer	was	so	moved
by	 this	 that	 she	 sat	 down	 at	 her	 desk	 that	 very	 evening	 and	 wrote	 the	 organization	 a
$25,000	check	without	telling	Celeste	or	Benji	or	even	Tag.	The	charitable	acts	that	count
the	 most,	 Greer	 believes,	 are	 those	 done	 without	 anyone	 knowing.	 But	 she	 had	 wanted
very	badly	to	send	a	note	with	the	check	that	said:	Please	use	this	money	to	cure	Karen
Otis.
Bruce	clears	his	throat,	regroups,	and	says,	“And	then,	twenty-eight	years	ago,	we	had
a	baby	girl.	And	man,	nothing	on	this	earth—and	I	mean	nothing—prepares	you	for	how
much	you	love	your	kids.	Am	I	right?”
There	are	some	Hear,	hears	 from	 the	 audience.	 Greer	 feels	 a	 vague	 recognition.	 She

loved	her	children.	Loves	them.	It	was	different	when	they	were	small,	of	course.
“And	Karen	and	I	somehow	lucked	out	and	got	this	beautiful,	smart,	nice	little	girl.	She
got	a	hundred	percent	on	all	her	spelling	tests.	She	was	the	one	who	scooped	up	a	spider
and	carried	it	outside	instead	of	squishing	it	with	her	shoe,	and	she	was	always	digging	in
the	backyard	looking	for	snakes	or	salamanders	and	then	putting	them	in	a	shoe	box	with
grass	and	little	dishes	of	drinking	water.	She	was	never	ashamed	or	embarrassed	of	where
she	came	from	or	who	she	came	from,	even	though	she	outgrew	us	and	the	rest	of	Forks
Township,	 Pennsylvania,	 a	 long	 time	 ago.”	 Bruce	 raises	 his	 glass.	 “And	 so	 to	 you,
Benjamin	Winbury,	I	say	from	the	heart:	Take	care	of	our	little	girl.	She	is	our	treasure,
our	hope,	our	light,	and	our	warmth.	She	is	our	legacy.	Here’s	to	the	two	of	you	and	your
life	together.”
Greer	 wipes	 a	 tear	 from	 the	 corner	 of	 her	 eye	 with	 a	 napkin.	 She	 isn’t	 normally
sentimental,	although	anyone	would	have	found	that	toast	stirring.
Thomas	 stands	 up	 next	 and	 chimes	 on	 his	 own	 water	 glass.	 It’s	 true	 perhaps	 that
nothing	in	this	world	prepares	you	for	how	much	you	love	your	children,	but	Greer	has
always	 been	 a	 realist	 where	 her	 sons	 are	 concerned.	 She	 has	 a	 firm	 handle	 on	 their
strengths	 and	 weaknesses.	 Thomas	 is	 the	 better-looking	 one;	 Benji	 inherited	 Greer’s
father’s	crooked	nose,	and	no	barber	has	ever	been	able	to	tame	Benji’s	cowlick.	But	Benji
is	smarter	and	has	been	either	blessed	or	cursed	with	a	natural	gravitas,	so	he	has	always
seemed	like	the	older	brother.
For	 his	 toast,	 Thomas	 tells	 the	 story	 of	 when	 Thomas	 and	 Benji,	 ages	 eight	 and	 six,
respectively,	got	lost	at	Piccadilly	Circus	and	how	Benji	was	the	one	who	had	saved	them
from	abduction	or	worse.	The	story	goes	that	Benji,	against	his	brother’s	severe	warnings,
had	approached	a	group	of	punk	rockers	and	asked	a	girl	with	a	bright	pink	Mohawk	to
help	them	find	their	mummy.
“He	 said	 the	 girl’s	 hair	 was	 pretty,”	 Thomas	 says.	 “He	 believed	 anyone	 with	 such
pretty	hair	was	sure	to	have	deep	reserves	of	cleverness	and	wisdom.”
Greer	laughs	along	with	everyone	else,	although	the	story	rubs	her	the	wrong	way	for
two	reasons.	First	off,	she	was	the	one	who	had	taken	the	boys	to	Piccadilly,	where	she
had	 bumped	 into	 a	 woman	 named	 Susan	 Haynes,	 who	 sat	 on	 the	 ladies’	 auxiliary	 at
Portland	Hospital,	a	group	Greer	had	been	keen	to	join.	Greer	had	become	so	engrossed	in
conversation	with	Susan	that	she	had	lost	track	of	the	boys.	Her	own	children.	When	Greer
surfaced	 from	 the	 conversation,	 she	 looked	 around	 and	 found	 the	 two	 of	 them	 had
vanished.
Greer	is	also	dismayed	because	this	is	the	exact	same	story	that	Benji	told	when	he	had
given	 the	 toast	 at	 Thomas’s	 wedding	 four	 years	 earlier.	 Greer	 finds	 it	 terribly
unimaginative	for	Thomas	to	recycle	the	very	same	story.	Greer	would	like	to	give	Tag	a
private	 look	 to	 see	 if	 he	 agrees,	 but	 he’s…	 where?	 Still	 on	 the	 call	 with	 Ernie?	 Greer
checks	on	Featherleigh.	She’s	in	her	seat,	gazing	at	Thomas	with	an	insipid	look	on	her
face.
She’s	blotto,	Greer	thinks.	She	has	three	empty	cups	of	the	blackberry	mojito	punch	in

front	of	her.
As	soon	as	the	applause	for	Thomas’s	half-baked	effort	subsides,	Greer	slips	discreetly
into	the	house	in	search	of	her	husband.
She	 skirts	 the	 kitchen,	 where	 the	 catering	 staff	 is	 plating	 dessert,	 an	 assortment	 of
homemade	 pies:	 blueberry,	 peach,	 Key	 lime,	 banana	 cream,	 and	 chocolate	 pecan.	 She
heads	 through	 the	 den	 toward	 the	 back	 stairs	 but	 stops	 when	 she	 hears	 a	 voice	 coming
from	the	laundry	room.
The	laundry	room?	Greer	thinks.	She	pokes	her	head	in.
There’s	a	girl	with	her	back	up	against	the	stacked	washer	and	dryer,	her	face	in	her
hands,	sobbing.	It’s…	it’s	the	friend,	Celeste’s	friend,	the	maid	of	honor.	Greer	blanks	on
the	 girl’s	 name.	 It’s…	 Merrill	 or	 Madison?	 No,	 not	 quite.	 Merritt,	 she	 thinks.	 Merritt
Monaco.
“Merritt!”	Greer	says.	“What’s	wrong?”
When	Merritt	turns	to	see	Greer,	she	gasps	in	surprise.	Then	she	hurries	to	wipe	away
her	tears.	“Nothing,”	she	says.	“It’s	just…	the	excitement.”
“It’s	overwhelming,	isn’t	it?”	Greer	says.	She	feels	a	wave	of	maternal	concern	for	this
girl	 who	 is	 neither	 getting	 married	 like	 Celeste	 nor	 pregnant	 like	 Abby.	 But	 still,	 the
freedom!	 Greer	 wants	 to	 encourage	 Merritt	 to	 savor	 her	 freedom	 because	 soon	 enough,
certainly,	it	will	be	gone.
“Come,	let’s	get	you	a	drink,”	Greer	says.	She	beckons	Merritt	forward,	thinking	she
will	 lead	 the	 girl	 back	 out	 to	 the	 party	 and	 find	 Chloe-with-the-champagne.	 Surely
Merritt’s	sadness	is	nothing	a	little	Veuve	Clicquot	can’t	fix.
“I’m	 fine,”	 Merritt	 says,	 sniffing	 and	 trying	 to	 collect	 herself.	 “I’ll	 be	 out	 shortly.	 I
need	the	ladies’	room.	I	should	fix	my	face.	But	thank	you.”
Greer	gives	the	girl	a	smile.	“Very	well.	I’m	on	a	mission	to	find	my	husband	anyway.
He	seems	to	have	disappeared.”	She	turns	to	leave	but	not	before	catching	the	glint	of	a
silver	ring	on	Merritt’s	thumb.
So	it’s	true,	Greer	thinks.	All	the	fashionable	girls	are	wearing	them	now.

Monday,	October	24,	2016

CELESTE

Two	days	after	giving	Benji	her	direct	line	at	the	zoo,	he	calls—not	to	put	her	in	touch
with	his	friend	who	may	or	may	not	want	to	bring	groups	of	foreign	executives	to	the	zoo
but	 to	 ask	 her	 out	 to	 dinner.	 He	 wants	 to	 take	 her	 to	 the	 Russian	 Tea	 Room	 on	 Friday
night.
“They’ve	redone	it	since	the	eighties,”	he	says.	“It’s	supposed	to	be	over	the	top	now.
Do	you	like	caviar?”
“Um…”	 Celeste	 says.	 She	 has	 never	 had	 caviar,	 not	 only	 because	 it’s	 expensive	 but
also	 because	 she	 has	 seen	 sacs	 of	 fish	 eggs	 floating	 in	 aquarium	 water	 and…	 no,	 thank
you.
“Or	we	could	go	down	to	the	East	Village	and	eat	at	Madame	Vo’s?	It’s	Vietnamese.
Would	you	prefer	Vietnamese?”
Celeste	 nearly	 hangs	 up	 the	 phone.	 She	 chastises	 herself	 for	 giving	 this	 guy	 her
number.	 He’s	 an	 alien	 species—or,	 more	 likely,	 she’s	 the	 alien.	 He’s	 used	 to	 beautiful,
sophisticated	 women	 like	 Jules,	 who	 probably	 grew	 up	 with	 caviar	 packed	 in	 her
lunchbox.	Celeste’s	rent	on	East	One	Hundredth	Street	is	a	bit	of	a	stretch,	so	she	rarely
goes	out	to	eat.	Occasionally,	she	will	meet	Merritt	for	brunch	or	dinner.	Many	times,	if
Merritt	is	photographed	eating	at	the	restaurant	or	if	she	posts	photos	of	the	food	online	at
#eatingfortheinsta,	the	meal	will	be	comped.	 Usually,	 however,	 dinner	 for	 Celeste	 is	 the
salad	 bar	 at	 the	 corner	 bodega	 or	 takeout	 from	 the	 cafeteria	 at	 the	 zoo	 and,	 yes,	 Celeste
does	know	how	pathetic	that	is,	but	only	because	Merritt	has	told	her.
“Vietnamese	 sounds	 great!”	 Celeste	 says,	 manufacturing	 as	 much	 enthusiasm	 as	 she
can	about	a	cuisine	she	knows	nothing	about.
“Okay,	Madame	Vo’s	it	is,	then,”	Benji	says.	“I’ll	come	pick	you	up?”
“Pick	me	up?”	Celeste	says.	Her	block—which	is	too	far	north	to	properly	qualify	as
the	 Upper	 East	 Side,	 though	 too	 far	 south	 to	 be	 called	 Harlem—is	 relatively	 safe	 but
neither	sexy	nor	fetching.	There’s	a	laundromat,	the	bodega,	a	pet	groomer.
“Or	we	can	meet	there?”	Benji	says.	“It’s	on	East	Tenth	Street.”
“I’ll	meet	you	there,”	Celeste	says,	relieved.
“Eight	o’clock?”	Benji	says.
“Sounds	good,”	Celeste	says,	and	she	hangs	up	the	phone	to	call	Merritt.
First,	Merritt	screams,	You	have	a	date!
Celeste’s	face	contorts	into	an	expression	halfway	between	a	smile	and	a	grimace.	She

does	have	a	date,	and	it	feels	good,	because	normally,	when	Celeste	and	Merritt	talk,	the
only	person	who	has	exciting	news,	or	news	of	any	kind,	is	Merritt.	Merritt’s	romantic	life
is	so	populated	that	Celeste	has	a	hard	time	keeping	the	men	straight.	Presently,	Merritt	is
dating	 Robbie,	 who’s	 the	 daytime	 bartender	 at	 the	 Breslin	 on	 Twenty-Ninth	 Street.	 He’s
tall	 and	 pale	 with	 bulging	 biceps	 and	 an	 Irish	 accent.	 What’s	 not	 to	 love	 about	 Robbie?
Celeste	wondered	after	Merritt	dragged	Celeste	down	to	a	Saturday	lunch	at	the	Breslin	so
she	could	meet	him.	Why	didn’t	Merritt	stay	with	him?
For	 one,	 Merritt	 said,	 Robbie	 was	 an	 aspiring	 actor.	 He	 was	 constantly	 going	 on
auditions,	and	Merritt	felt	it	was	only	a	matter	of	time	before	he	was	cast	in	a	TV	pilot	that
got	picked	up,	at	which	point	he’d	move	to	the	West	Coast.	It	wasn’t	a	good	idea	to	get	too
attached	to	anyone	not	firmly	rooted	in	New	York,	Merritt	said.	However,	Celeste	knew
that	Merritt	was	afraid	to	commit	because	of	a	truly	heinous	situation	she’d	found	herself
in	the	year	before	she	and	Celeste	met.
The	man’s	name	was	Travis	Darling.	Travis	and	his	wife,	Cordelia,	owned	a	PR	firm
called	 Brightstreet	 where	 Merritt	 had	 worked	 right	 out	 of	 college.	 She	 had	 been
handpicked	for	her	job	as	publicity	associate	from	a	pool	of	over	a	thousand	applicants,
and	 both	 Travis	 and	 Cordelia	 saw	 Merritt	 as	 a	 rising	 PR	 star,	 the	 next	 Lynn	 Goldsmith.
Merritt’s	 life	 had	 become	 completely	 intertwined	 with	 the	 lives	 of	 the	 Darlings.	 She
accompanied	 them	 to	 dinner	 at	 least	 once	 a	 week;	 she	 hung	 out	 at	 their	 brownstone	 on
West	Eighty-Third	Street;	she	went	skiing	with	them	in	Stowe	and	joined	them	for	beach
weekends	in	Bridgehampton.
Travis	 had	 always	 been	 Merritt’s	 champion.	 He	 asked	 questions	 about	 Merritt’s
personal	life,	encouraged	her	interest	in	fashion;	he	remembered	her	college	roommates’
names.	He	sought	out	her	opinion	because	she	was	young	and	had	a	fresh	perspective.	He
would	 sometimes	 rest	 his	 hand	 on	 her	 shoulder	 when	 he	 was	 standing	 behind	 her	 desk,
and	he	forwarded	her	racy	jokes	from	his	personal	e-mail.	When	Merritt	was	out	to	dinner
with	Travis	and	Cordelia,	he	would	pull	out	her	chair.	If	they	were	waiting	at	the	bar	to	be
seated,	he	would	usher	her	forward	with	his	hand	on	her	back.	Merritt	noted	these	things
but	she	didn’t	protest.	After	all,	Cordelia	was	right	there.
But	then.
It	 was	 summer	 and	 Merritt	 was	 spending	 a	 weekend	 in	 the	 Hamptons	 with	 the
Darlings.	On	Saturday	afternoon,	the	three	of	them	were	lying	on	the	beach	when	a	call
came	 in	 from	 a	 client,	 a	 supermodel	 who	 had	 just	 had	 an	 altercation	 with	 a	 flight
attendant.	Words	had	been	exchanged	and	a	fellow	passenger	had	leaked	the	story—which
cast	the	supermodel	in	a	very	unflattering	light—to	the	press.	It	was	a	publicity	situation
that	could	easily	escalate	into	a	publicity	nightmare.	Cordelia	had	to	go	back	to	the	city	to
deal	with	the	fallout.
I’ll	go	with	you,	Merritt	had	said.	You’ll	need	help.
I	have	Sage,	 Cordelia	 said.	 Sage	 Kennedy	 was	 a	 brand-new	 hire.	 Merritt	 had	 sensed
Sage’s	ambition	and	professional	envy	immediately;	Sage	wanted	to	be	the	next	Merritt.
Sage	 was	 too	 young	 and	 broke	 to	 spend	 summer	 weekends	 away,	 but	 now	 that	 would

work	in	her	favor.	When	Merritt	insisted	she	was	more	than	happy	to	go	back	to	the	city,
Cordelia	said,	You	stay	here	and	enjoy.	I’ll	see	you	Monday.
Had	Merritt	been	uneasy	about	staying	in	the	house	with	Travis	alone?	Not	really.	By
that	point,	Merritt	had	been	working	for	Brightstreet	for	three	years.	If	Travis	were	going
to	make	a	pass	at	her,	she	figured,	it	would	have	happened	already.
But	late	that	afternoon,	as	Merritt	was	rinsing	the	sand	off	her	feet	at	the	outdoor	hose
before	 going	 into	 the	 house,	 Travis	 came	 up	 behind	 her	 and,	 without	 a	 word,	 untied	 the
string	of	her	bikini	top.	Merritt	had	frozen.	She	was	petrified,	she	told	Celeste,	but	she’d
decided	 to	 laugh	 it	 off	 as	 a	 prank.	 She	 grabbed	 the	 strings	 and	 started	 to	 retie	 them	 but
Travis	stopped	her.	He	took	both	of	her	hands,	pulled	her	to	him,	and	started	kissing	the
back	of	her	neck.	Into	her	ear	he	whispered,	I’ve	been	waiting	so	long	for	this.
“I	was	trapped,”	Merritt	told	Celeste.	“I	could	have	pushed	him	away	but	I	was	afraid
I’d	lose	my	job.	I	was	afraid	he’d	tell	Cordelia	that	I	was	the	one	who	took	off	my	top.	So
I	let	it	happen.	I	let	it	happen.”
The	 affair	 lasted	 seven	 torturous	 months.	 Merritt	 lived	 in	 mortal	 fear	 of	 Cordelia
finding	out,	but	Travis	assured	Merritt	there	was	nothing	to	worry	about.	His	wife,	he	said,
was	frigid	and	possibly	even	a	lesbian	and	she	wouldn’t	have	cared	even	if	she	did	find
out.
Deep	down,	she	wanted	this	to	happen,	Travis	said.	One	of	the	reasons	she	wanted	to
hire	you	was	that	she	knew	I	thought	you	were	hot.
As	it	turned	out,	Travis	was	gravely	mistaken	about	what	Cordelia	wanted.	Cordelia	hired
a	private	investigator,	who	followed	both	Merritt	and	Travis,	accessed	their	phone	records
and	 text	 messages,	 then	 presented	 Cordelia	 with	 all	 the	 proof	 she	 needed,	 including,
somehow,	 8-by-10	 glossies	 of	 Merritt	 and	 Travis	 showering	 together	 in	 Merritt’s
apartment.
Cordelia	had	swiftly	taken	the	company	from	Travis,	as	well	as	their	investments	and
their	brownstone.	She	fired	Merritt	and	set	out	to	shred	Merritt’s	reputation	professionally
and	 personally—and	 by	 then,	 Cordelia’s	 friends	 were	 Merritt’s	 friends.	 Travis	 forsook
Merritt	as	well.	She	called	and	begged	him	to	tell	Cordelia	the	truth:	that	he	had	started	the
affair	and	he	had	given	her	no	choice	but	to	be	complicit.	Travis	had	responded	to	her	calls
and	texts	by	filing	a	restraining	order	against	her.
Merritt	 had	 been	 suicidal	 in	 the	 aftermath,	 she	 confided	 to	 Celeste.	 On	 bad	 days	 she
stared	at	a	bottle	of	hoarded	pills—Valium,	Ambien,	Xanax.	On	good	days,	she	looked	for
jobs	in	other	cities,	but	it	turned	out	Cordelia’s	tentacles	reached	all	the	way	to	Chicago,
DC,	 Atlanta.	 Merritt	 didn’t	 get	 so	 much	 as	 a	 callback.	 Every	 once	 in	 a	 while	 Cordelia
would	 text	 her,	 and	 each	 time	 Merritt	 saw	 Cordelia’s	 name	 on	 her	 phone’s	 screen,	 she
thought	 that	 maybe,	 just	 maybe,	 Travis	 had	 come	 clean	 and	 told	 Cordelia	 that	 the	 affair
had	 been	 his	 fault,	 that	 he	 had	 coerced	 Merritt,	 then	 basically	 blackmailed	 her.	 But	 the
texts	 were	 always	 the	 exact	 opposite	 of	 apologies.	 One	 said:	 If	 I	 thought	 I	 could	 get
away	with	it,	I	would	kill	you.

But	then,	one	miraculous	day,	Merritt	received	a	text	from	Sage	Kennedy,	who,	Merritt
knew,	had	summarily	taken	her	position	in	the	company.	The	text	said:	Cordelia	has	sold
the	 brownstone	 on	 Eighty-Third	 Street	 and	 is	 relocating	 Brightstreet	 to	 LA.
Thought	you	would	want	to	know.
At	 first,	 Merritt	 didn’t	 believe	 it.	 She	 was	 wary	 of	 Sage	 Kennedy.	 But	 when	 Merritt
checked	Business	Insider,	she	saw	it	was	true.	She	wondered	if	maybe	Travis	had	preyed
on	Sage	Kennedy	after	Merritt	left.	She	was	afraid	to	ask,	though	she	did	text	Sage	back	to
thank	her	for	the	information.	She	had,	essentially,	been	set	free.
Soon	thereafter,	Merritt	found	a	job	in	PR	with	the	Wildlife	Conservation	Society,	and
although	she	took	a	pay	cut,	she	was	grateful	for	the	fresh	start.	She	introduced	herself	to
Celeste	 in	 her	 first	 weeks	 of	 work	 by	 saying,	 “You’re	 the	 best-looking,	 most	 normal
person	who	works	at	any	of	our	zoos.	Please	let	me	use	photos	of	you	in	the	literature.”
Celeste	 had	 been	 stupefied	 by	 Merritt’s	 blunt	 honesty.	 “Thanks,”	 she	 said.	 “I	 think.”
They	had	gone	to	lunch	together	in	the	zoo’s	cafeteria,	and	over	tuna	fish	sandwiches,	a
friendship	was	forged.	Merritt	credited	Celeste	with	“saving”	her,	although	Celeste	saw	it
as	 the	 other	 way	 around.	 Celeste	 had	 been	 bound	 and	 determined	 to	 move	 out	 of	 Forks
Township	and	make	it	in	New	York	City	on	her	own,	but	even	she	had	been	confounded
by	just	how	on	her	own	she	actually	was.	The	city	was	home	to	ten	million	people	and	yet
Celeste	had	a	hard	time	meeting	anyone	outside	of	work.	She	had	two	sort-of	friends	on
her	 block:	 Rocky,	 who	 worked	 at	 the	 bodega,	 and	 Judy	 Quigley,	 who	 owned	 the	 petgrooming	business.
Rocky	had	taken	Celeste	on	a	date	to	the	Peruvian	chicken	place	on	Ninety-First	Street
but	then	he	confessed	that	although	he	liked	Celeste	and	thought	she	was	very,	very	pretty,
he	 had	 neither	 the	 time	 nor	 the	 money	 for	 a	 girlfriend.	 Mrs.	 Quigley	 was	 a	 pleasant
woman	 and	 she	 and	 Celeste	 shared	 a	 love	 of	 animals	 but	 it	 wasn’t	 like	 they	 were	 ever
going	to	go	out	for	cocktails.
Merritt	was	the	New	York	City	friend	of	Celeste’s	dreams.	She	was	fun,	sophisticated,
and	plugged	in;	she	knew	everything	that	was	happening	for	Millennials	in	the	city.	She
told	Celeste	that	her	experience	with	Travis	Darling	had	jaded	her,	but	all	Celeste	saw	was
her	 tender	 heart.	 Merritt	 was	 remarkably	 patient,	 kind,	 and	 maternal	 when	 it	 came	 to
Celeste,	and	she	knew	that	Celeste	could	handle	her	pulsing,	frenetic	world	only	in	small
bites.
“I	don’t	know	what	to	do,”	Celeste	says	to	Merritt	now.	“Benji	came	to	the	zoo	with
his	girlfriend	and	his	girlfriend’s	daughter.	He	and	the	girlfriend	were	arguing	and	then	I
noticed	him	staring	at	me.	Then	he	asked	for	my	card.	For	a	friend,	he	said,	and	I	believed
him.	I	gave	him	my	direct	line.	So	do	you	think	he	broke	up	with	his	girlfriend	already?
He	 wants	 to	 take	 me	 to	 Madame	 Vo’s,	 which	 is	 all	 the	 way	 down	 on	 Tenth	 Street.	 It’s
Vietnamese.”
“Madame	Vo’s	is	on	everyone’s	list	because	SJP	eats	there,”	Merritt	says.	“But	I	don’t
like	the	way	they	seat	twos.	It	feels	like	you’re	on	a	date	with	the	couples	on	either	side	of
you.”

“Should	I	cancel?”	Celeste	says.	“I	should	probably	cancel.”
“No!”	 Merritt	 says.	 “Don’t	 you	 dare	 cancel!	 I’m	 going	 to	 help	 you.	 I’m	 going	 to
transform	you.	We	are	going	to	make	this	Benji	fall	in	love	with	you	in	only	one	date.	We
are	going	to	make	him	propose.”
“Propose?”	Celeste	says.
Later,	Merritt	comes	over	to	Celeste’s	apartment	and	she	uses	Celeste’s	laptop	to	Google
Benji—Benjamin	 Garrison	 Winbury	 of	 New	 York	 City.	 In	 a	 matter	 of	 seconds	 they
discover	 the	 following:	 Benji	 attended	 the	 Westminster	 School	 in	 London,	 then	 went	 to
high	 school	 at	 St.	 George’s	 in	 Newport,	 Rhode	 Island,	 and	 college	 at	 Hobart.	 Now	 he
works	for	Nomura	Securities,	which	further	Googling	discloses	is	a	Japanese	bank	with	a
headquarters	in	New	York.	He	sits	on	the	board	of	the	Whitney	Museum	and	the	Robin
Hood	Foundation.
“He’s	 twenty-seven	 years	 old,”	 Merritt	 says.	 “And	 he	 sits	 on	 two	 boards.	 That’s
impressive.”
Celeste’s	 anxiety	 ramps	 up.	 She	 has	 met	 several	 board	 members	 of	 the	 conservancy;
they’re	all	wealthy	and	important	people.
Merritt	scans	through	images	of	Benji.	“The	mother	has	resting-bitch	face.	The	father
is	kind	of	hot,	though.”
“Merritt,	stop,”	Celeste	says,	but	she	peers	over	Merritt’s	shoulder	at	the	screen.	She
expects	 to	 see	 pictures	 of	 Benji	 with	 Jules	 and	 Miranda,	 but	 if	 those	 pictures	 existed,
they’ve	all	been	expunged.	There	is	a	photo	of	Benji	with	friends	in	a	restaurant	raising
cocktails	and	one	of	him	posing	on	the	bow	of	a	boat.	There’s	a	picture	of	Benji	with	a
guy	who	must	be	his	brother	at	a	Yankees	game,	and	in	the	picture	Merritt	is	referring	to,
Benji	poses	with	a	refined	older	couple,	the	mother	cool	and	blond,	the	father	silver-haired
and	 grinning.	 There’s	 Benji	 hoisting	 a	 tropical	 drink	 under	 a	 beach	 umbrella	 and	 one	 of
him	in	a	helmet	sitting	astride	a	mountain	bike.
“Girlfriend	 is	 gone,	 I’d	 say,”	 Merritt	 remarks.	 “Thoroughly	 scoured	 from	 his	 feed.
Let’s	check	Instagram—”
“I	don’t	want	to	check	Instagram,”	Celeste	says.	“Help	me	find	something	to	wear.”
Celeste	 meets	 Benji	 outside	 Madame	 Vo’s	 at	 exactly	 eight	 o’clock	 on	 Friday.	 Merritt
advised	 Celeste	 to	 show	 up	 ten	 minutes	 late	 but	 Celeste	 is	 always	 prompt—it’s	 a
compulsion—and	Benji	is	already	waiting,	which	is,	she	decides,	a	good	sign.	Celeste	has
borrowed	 a	 dress	 from	 Merritt;	 it’s	 a	 rose-gold	 Hervé	 Leger	 bandage	 dress	 that	 Celeste
knows	retails	for	well	over	a	thousand	dollars.	Merritt	was	given	it	for	free	to	wear	to	the
opening	 of	 a	 new	 club,	 Nuclear	 Winter,	 in	 Alphabet	 City,	 and	 when	 Merritt	 is
photographed	in	something	as	much	as	she	was	in	this	dress	that	night,	she	can	never	wear
it	 again.	 Celeste	 is	 also	 wearing	 Merritt’s	 shoes—Jimmy	 Choo	 stilettos—and	 she’s
carrying	 Merritt’s	 gold	 clutch	 purse.	 The	 only	 things	 she’s	 missing	 are	 Merritt’s	 wit,
charm,	and	confidence.	Celeste	calls	upon	advice	her	parents	have	been	giving	her	since
she	was	old	enough	to	understand	English:	Be	yourself.	It’s	wonderfully	old-fashioned	and

possibly	 ill	 advised.	 Celeste	 has	 always	 been	 herself,	 but	 that	 hasn’t	 won	 her	 any
popularity	contests.	Genus:	Girl	Scientist.	Species:	socially	awkward.
“Hi,”	she	says	to	Benji	as	she	steps	out	of	her	Uber.
“Wow,”	 Benji	 says.	 “I	 almost	 didn’t	 recognize	 you.	 You	 look—wow.	 I	 mean,	 wow.”
Celeste	blushes.	Benji	is	taken	aback,	maybe	even	awestruck,	and	it	doesn’t	seem	like	an
act.	Celeste	is	unsure	whether	to	kiss	him	or	hug	him	and	so	she	just	smiles	and	he	smiles
back,	 looking	 into	 her	 eyes.	 Then	 he	 holds	 the	 door	 to	 the	 restaurant	 open	 and	 ushers
Celeste	inside.	“Are	you	hungry?”	he	asks.
Benji	is	nice.	Celeste	didn’t	think	there	were	any	nice	guys	living	in	New	York.	The
men	she	sees	on	the	subway	and	on	the	street	all	seem	to	leer	at	her	breasts	or	swear	under
their	breath	if	she’s	taking	too	long	with	her	MetroCard.	The	men	at	the	zoo	are	no	prizes.
Darius,	who	took	Celeste’s	job	in	primates	when	she	got	promoted,	has	confessed	that	he
spends	nearly	half	his	paycheck	on	internet	porn.	Mawabe,	who	works	with	the	big	cats,	is
addicted	to	the	video	game	Manhunt;	he	offers	to	teach	Celeste	to	play	it	every	time	they
have	a	conversation.	The	problem	with	people	from	the	zoo	in	general	is	that	they	relate
better	to	animals	than	to	humans,	and	that’s	true	for	Celeste	as	well.
When	 Benji	 tells	 Celeste	 that	 he	 works	 for	 the	 Japanese	 bank	 Nomura,	 she	 pretends
this	is	brand-new	information.	“You	mean	to	tell	me	you’re	just	another	soulless	privateequity	guy?”	she	says,	hoping	it	sounds	like	she	is	subjected	to	dates	with	such	guys	every
weekend.
He	 laughs.	 “No,	 that	 would	 be	 my	 father.”	 He	 then	 explains	 that	 he	 heads	 Nomura’s
strategic-giving	department,	so	it’s	his	job	to	give	money	away	to	meaningful	causes.
“Eventually,	 I’d	 like	 to	 run	 a	 large	 nonprofit.	 Like	 the	 Red	 Cross	 or	 the	 American
Cancer	Society.”
“My	mother	has	breast	cancer,”	Celeste	blurts	out.	Then	she	bows	her	head	over	her
crispy	spring	rolls.	She	can’t	believe	she	just	said	that,	not	only	because	it’s	the	world’s
most	depressing	topic	but	because	she	hasn’t	discussed	her	mother’s	cancer	with	anyone.
Benji	says,	“Is	she	going	to	be	okay?”
Well,	 that’s	 the	 question,	 isn’t	 it?	 Celeste’s	 mother,	 Karen	 Otis,	 had	 stage	 2	 invasive
ductal	 carcinoma	 that	 reached	 her	 lymph	 nodes,	 necessitating	 eighteen	 rounds	 of	 chemo
and	thirty	rounds	of	radiation	after	her	double	mastectomy.	She	rang	the	bell	at	St.	Luke’s
for	 her	 final	 treatment	 back	 in	 July	 and	 she	 isn’t	 supposed	 to	 have	 a	 follow-up
appointment	for	six	months.	But	she	was	experiencing	back	pain	so	she’d	gone	to	see	her
doctor	 this	 week.	 He	 ordered	 an	 MRI,	 one	 that	 Karen	 nearly	 refused	 because	 it	 was	 so
expensive	 and	 Bruce	 and	 Karen	 were	 already	 loaded	 down	 with	 medical	 bills	 for
treatments	 that	 weren’t	 covered	 by	 Bruce’s	 modest	 health	 insurance.	 However,	 Bruce
insisted	they	do	the	test.	When	he	talked	to	Celeste	about	it	on	the	phone,	he	quoted	a	song
by	the	Zac	Brown	Band.	“‘There’s	no	dollar	sign	on	peace	of	mind,’”	he	said.	“‘This	I’ve
come	to	know.’”
Celeste	figures	they	must	play	this	song	on	the	Neiman	Marcus	Pandora,	because	she

hasn’t	known	her	parents	to	like	any	song	recorded	after	1985.
The	results	of	the	MRI	should	be	back	on	Monday.
Celeste	 raises	 her	 eyes	 to	 Benji’s,	 his	 brown	 to	 her	 blue.	 Brown	 is	 a	 dominant	 gene.
Benji’s	DNA,	she	is	sure,	is	composed	of	only	dominant	genes.	She’s	not	sure	what	to	say.
Her	mother’s	cancer	is	a	private	matter,	and	Celeste’s	entire	relationship	with	her	parents
is	too	intense	to	explain	to	most	people.
“I	don’t	know?”	Celeste	says.	She	raises	her	voice	at	the	end	so	that	she	sounds	more
hopeful	than	maudlin.	She	doesn’t	want	Benji	feeling	sorry	for	her.	This	is	one	reason	why
Celeste	doesn’t	like	talking	about	Karen’s	illness.	Also,	she	doesn’t	want	to	hear	anyone
else’s	inspiring	story	about	a	sister-in-law	who	went	through	exactly	the	same	thing	and	is
now	running	ultramarathons.	Celeste	doesn’t	mean	to	be	ungenerous	in	her	thoughts,	but
she	 has	 come	 to	 the	 chilling	 conclusion	 that	 we	 are	 all	 alone	 in	 our	 bodies.	 Irrefutably,
immutably	 alone.	 And	 hence,	 no	 one’s	 story	 offers	 hope.	 Either	 Karen	 will	 survive	 the
cancer	 or	 it	 will	 metastasize	 and	 she	 will	 succumb	 to	 it.	 The	 only	 people	 Celeste	 can
tolerate	discussing	Karen’s	treatment	with	are	Karen’s	doctors.	Celeste	believes	in	science,
in	medicine.	She	has	secretly	been	donating	a	hundred	dollars	a	week	to	the	Breast	Cancer
Research	Fund.	“She’s	okay	now.	For	the	time	being.”	Celeste	is	too	superstitious	to	say
her	mother	has	beaten	it,	and	she	refuses	to	call	her	mother	a	survivor.	Yet.
“Thank	you	for	telling	me,”	Benji	says.
Celeste	 nods.	 He	 understands	 her,	 maybe?	 He	 senses	 the	 agony	 lurking	 behind	 her
metered	answers?	He	seems	perceptive	the	way	so	few	men—so	few	people—are.	Celeste
picks	up	a	spring	roll	and	dips	it	into	the	vinegary	sauce.	“These	are	really	good.”
“Wait	until	you	taste	the	pho,”	he	says.	He	takes	a	sip	of	his	beer.	“So,	tell	me	about	the
zoo,”	he	says,	and	Celeste	relaxes.
Benji	insists	on	taking	Celeste	home	in	a	taxi,	which	seems	quaint.	He	asks	the	driver	to
wait	while	he	walks	Celeste	to	the	door	of	her	apartment	building.	She	feels	a	huge	relief
that	there	will	be	no	quandary	about	whether	to	invite	Benji	up	and	if	she	does	invite	him
up	about	how	far	to	let	things	go.	Merritt	believes	in	sleeping	with	a	guy	on	the	first	date,
but	Celeste	feels	very	much	the	opposite.	She	would	never,	ever.
Ever.
Benji	tells	her	he	would	like	to	see	her	again.	The	following	night,	if	she’s	free,	he	has
tickets	to	see	Hamilton.
Celeste	gasps.	Everyone	in	this	city	wants	to	see	Hamilton.
Benji	laughs.	“Is	that	a	yes?”
Before	she	can	answer,	he’s	kissing	her.	Celeste	starts	out	feeling	self-conscious	about
the	taxi	driver	who	is	waiting,	but	then	she	surrenders.	There	is	nothing	in	the	world	that	is
quite	as	intoxicating	as	kissing,	Celeste	thinks.	She	lets	herself	get	lost	in	Benji’s	lips,	his
tongue.	He	tastes	delicious;	his	mouth	is	both	soft	and	insistent.	His	hands	are	on	her	face,
then	 her	 neck,	 then	 one	 hand	 travels	 to	 her	 hip.	 Before	 she	 can	 guess	 what	 will	 happen

next,	he	pulls	away.
“I’ll	 see	 you	 tomorrow	 night,”	 he	 says.	 “I’ll	 call	 with	 details	 in	 the	 morning.”	 With
that,	 he	 goes	 down	 the	 stairs	 and	 by	 the	 time	 Celeste’s	 head	 clears,	 his	 taxi	 has	 pulled
away.
They	go	to	see	Hamilton.	It	turns	out	that	Benji’s	father	is	one	of	the	original	investors	and
has	house	seats,	which	are	first-row	center	of	the	first	balcony.	Benji	has	seen	the	musical
five	 times	 but	 he	 doesn’t	 tell	 her	 this	 until	 afterward,	 when	 they’re	 sitting	 at	 Hudson
Malone,	 dipping	 jumbo	 shrimp	 into	 cocktail	 sauce,	 and	 Celeste	 has	 to	 admit,	 she	 would
never	have	known.	He	had	seemed	as	enraptured	as	she	was.
Benji	says	he	would	like	to	see	her	Sunday	and	Celeste	suggests	a	walk	in	Central	Park.
The	park	is	a	place	she	feels	comfortable,	nearly	has	a	sense	of	ownership.	She	runs	the
reservoir	any	chance	she	can	get	and	in	the	summer	lies	out	on	a	towel	in	North	Meadow.
She	loves	Poet’s	Walk	and	the	Conservatory	Pond,	but	her	favorite	spot	is	surely	a	place
Benji	hasn’t	experienced	before.	She	meets	him	south	of	Bethesda	Fountain	where	a	group
of	roller	skaters	congregates	on	weekends.	There’s	a	motley	crew	of	characters—Celeste
has	come	to	recognize	most	of	the	regulars—who	skate	in	an	oval	around	a	boom	box	that
plays	classic	rock	songs.
When	Benji	arrives,	they’re	skating	to	“Gimme	Three	Steps,”	by	Lynyrd	Skynyrd.
“I	didn’t	think	anyone	roller-skated	anymore,”	Benji	says.	“This	is	like	something	out
of	1979.”
“I	come	here	all	the	time,”	Celeste	says.	“I	think	I	like	it	so	much	because	this	is	the
music	my	parents	listen	to.”
“Oh,	yeah?”	Benji	says.	“Are	they	big	Skynyrd	fans?”
“All	classic	rock,”	Celeste	says.	“They	especially	love	Meat	Loaf.”	As	Celeste	watches
the	 skaters,	 she	 thinks	 about	 being	 a	 little	 girl	 sitting	 in	 the	 backseat	 of	 their	 Toyota
Corolla	while	her	parents	cranked	up	the	volume	on	their	cassette	of	Bat	Out	of	Hell.	They
loved	all	the	songs,	but	their	favorite	was	“Paradise	by	the	Dashboard	Light.”	When	the
song	 got	 to	 the	 middle	 section	 with	 Meat	 Loaf	 and	 Mrs.	 Loud,	 Karen	 would	 sing	 the
woman’s	part,	and	Bruce	would	sing	the	man’s	part,	and	at	the	end	of	the	song	they	would
belt	out	the	lyrics	together	with	so	much	gusto	that	Celeste	got	swept	away.	Her	parents,	in
those	 moments,	 had	 seemed	 the	 most	 glamorous	 couple	 in	 the	 world.	 Celeste	 fully
believed	 that	 if	 they	 had	 shared	 their	 car-singing	 with	 the	 wider	 world,	 they	 would	 be
famous.
The	roller-skating	song	changes	to	“Stumblin’	In,”	by	Suzi	Quatro	and	Chris	Norman,
and	Celeste	gets	light-headed.	It’s	eerie;	this	song	is	a	particular	favorite	of	her	parents,
and	 it’s	 not	 a	 song	 that’s	 played	 on	 the	 radio	 anymore.	 Celeste	 is	 stunned.	 She	 turns	 to
Benji,	overcome.	How	can	she	explain	that	this	song	so	strongly	evokes	her	parents,	it’s	as
if	 Betty	 and	 Mac	 are	 standing	 right	 there?	 Benji	 makes	 the	 slightest	 movement	 of
withdrawal	but	Celeste	can’t	possibly	leave	the	skaters	until	this	song	is	over.	She	sings
along	softly	under	her	breath	and	Benji	seems	to	understand.	He	stays	patiently	at	her	side.

The	 next	 song	 is	 “Late	 in	 the	 Evening,”	 by	 Paul	 Simon,	 which	 is	 also	 on	 Bruce	 and
Karen’s	 comprehensive	 playlist,	 but	 Celeste	 realizes	 that	 enough	 is	 enough.	 She	 takes
Benji’s	hand	and	they	stroll	toward	Bethesda	Fountain.
After	the	park,	Celeste	and	Benji	sit	at	the	Penrose	and	drink	beer	and	watch	football.
When	the	game	is	over,	Celeste	asks	Benji	if	he	wants	to	grab	a	pizza	and	go	back	to	her
apartment	 but	 Benji	 says	 he	 likes	 to	 be	 in	 bed	 early	 on	 Sundays	 so	 that	 he’s	 fresh	 and
ready	 for	 the	 week	 ahead.	 Celeste	 says	 she	 understands	 and	 a	 part	 of	 her	 is	 relieved
because	it	once	again	delays	the	question	of	what	she	and	Benji	will	do	once	they’re	alone
together.	But	a	part	of	her	is	disappointed.	She	really	enjoys	Benji’s	company;	he’s	easy	to
be	 with,	 he’s	 funny,	 he	 tells	 stories	 about	 growing	 up	 in	 London	 and	 his	 family’s
immigration	 to	 New	 York	 City	 but	 he	 never	 sounds	 like	 he’s	 bragging	 even	 though	 it’s
clear	 he’s	 a	 member	 of	 the	 elite.	 He	 listens	 well	 too.	 He	 encourages	 Celeste	 to	 talk	 by
asking	good	questions	and	then	giving	her	lots	of	time	to	answer.
But	she	has	probably	bored	him	to	death.	And	freaked	him	out	by	wanting	to	listen	to
old-people	music	in	the	park.
“I	do	have	a	question	before	we	leave,”	Celeste	says.
Benji	covers	her	hand	with	his	hand.
She	can’t	believe	she’s	being	so	bold.	It’s	none	of	her	business,	but	if	Benji	is	giving
her	the	brush-off	and	she	might	never	see	him	again,	she	might	as	well	ask	this	question.
“Shoot,”	he	says.
“What	happened	with	your	girlfriend?”	Celeste	asks.	“And	her	daughter?”
Benji	 sighs.	 “Jules?”	 he	 says.	 “We	 broke	 up.	 I	 mean,	 obviously.	 But	 it	 wasn’t	 your
fault.	Things	had	been	bad	for	a	long	time…”
“How	long	had	you	dated?”	Celeste	asks.
“Just	over	a	year,”	Benji	says.
Celeste	exhales.	Not	as	long	as	she	had	feared.	“I	guess	I’m	mostly	worried	about	her
daughter,”	Celeste	says.	“She	seemed	so	attached	to	you.”
“She’s	a	great	kid,”	Benji	says.	“But	she	has	a	father	and	two	really	involved	uncles
who	 live	 only	 a	 few	 blocks	 away,	 and	 when	 I	 broke	 things	 off	 with	 Jules,	 I	 told	 her	 I
would	 be	 available	 if	 Miranda	 ever	 needed	 me.”	 He	 stares	 at	 Celeste.	 “It	 says	 a	 lot	 that
you	would	ask	about	Miranda.”
His	gaze	is	so	intense	that	Celeste	casts	her	eyes	down	to	the	scarred	bar.	“What	about
Jules?”	Celeste	says.	“Did	she	take	it	okay?”
“Not	at	all,”	Benji	says.	“She	threw	her	shoes	at	me.	She	screamed.	She	smashed	her
phone	and	that	made	her	cry.	She’s	in	love	with	her	phone.”
“So	many	people	are,”	Celeste	says.
“That	 was	 part	 of	 the	 problem.	 She	 couldn’t	 be	 present;	 she	 was	 self-absorbed;	 she

wasn’t	a	kind	or	thoughtful	person.	She	called	herself	a	stay-at-home	mom	but	she	never
spent	time	with	Miranda.	She	went	to	Pilates	class,	got	her	nails	done,	and	met	her	friends
for	 lunch,	 where	 they	 all	 engaged	 in	 competitive	 non-eating.	 The	 only	 reason	 we	 were
even	at	the	zoo	that	day	was	that	I	insisted.	Jules	was	hung	over	from	the	night	before	and
all	she	wanted	to	do	was	take	a	nap	and	a	bubble	bath	before	she	met	her	friends	Laney
and	Casper	for	dinner	at	some	overrated	restaurant	where	she	would	order	a	salad	and	eat
two	pieces	of	lettuce	and	half	a	fig.	That	trip	to	the	zoo	put	it	all	in	perspective.”
“I	just	wondered,”	Celeste	says.	“I	wasn’t	trying	to	steal	you	away	or	break	you	up.”
Benji	laughs	and	slaps	money	on	the	bar.	“Let	me	walk	you	home,”	he	says.
He	kisses	Celeste	good-bye	outside	her	apartment	building	and	the	kissing	becomes	so
heated	 that	 Celeste	 wants	 to	 ask	 him	 to	 come	 upstairs.	 But	 he	 pulls	 away	 and	 says,
“Thanks	for	a	great	weekend.	I’ll	talk	to	you	later.”
Celeste	watches	him	take	the	steps	two	at	a	time,	wave,	then	disappear	down	the	dark
street.
When	she	gets	upstairs,	she	sends	Merritt	a	text:	I	blew	it.
How?	is	Merritt’s	response.	What	happened?
Celeste	 sends	 a	 series	 of	 question	 marks.	 A	 few	 seconds	 later,	 her	 phone	 rings.	 It’s
Merritt,	but	Celeste	declines	the	call	because	suddenly	she	is	too	sad	to	speak.	She	should
have	canceled	the	date	on	Friday,	she	thinks.	Because	what	she	has	learned	over	the	course
of	this	weekend	is	that	she	is	lonely	and	life	is	nicer	when	there’s	someone	to	talk	to.	To
kiss.	To	bump	knees	and	hold	hands	with.	Celeste	was	pretty	sure	from	the	start	that	she
was	an	alien	species,	but	it’s	disheartening	to	have	it	proved	true.
He’ll	talk	to	her	later.	Yeah,	right.
On	 Monday,	 as	 she	 is	 in	 her	 office	 reviewing	 the	 following	 summer’s	 special
programming—they’re	 getting	 a	 gray-shanked	 douc	 langur	 from	 Vietnam,	 which	 makes
Celeste	think	of	Madame	Vo’s	with	Benji	across	the	table—there’s	a	knock	on	her	door.
It’s	a	quarter	after	two	and	Celeste	suspects	it’s	Blair	from	the	World	of	Reptiles	saying
she	has	to	go	home	because	she	has	a	migraine	setting	in	and	can	Celeste	please	cover	her
three	o’clock	snake	talk,	which	also	makes	Celeste	think	about	Benji.
“Come	in,”	Celeste	says	halfheartedly.
It’s	Bethany,	her	assistant,	holding	a	vase	of	long-stemmed	pink	roses.
“These	are	for	you,”	Bethany	says.
The	next	day,	Celeste’s	father	calls	to	say	that	Karen’s	MRI	came	back	fine.
“Really?”	Celeste	says.	It’s	not	beyond	her	parents	to	lie	to	her	about	this.
“Really,”	he	says.	“Betty	is	as	fit	as	a	fiddle.”
On	 Thursday	 night,	 Benji	 takes	 Celeste	 to	 a	 movie	 at	 the	 Paris	 Theater.	 The	 movie	 is
French	 with	 subtitles.	 Celeste	 falls	 asleep	 as	 soon	 as	 it	 starts	 and	 wakes	 up	 at	 the	 end

credits,	nestled	in	Benji’s	arm.
On	 Friday,	 Benji	 takes	 Celeste	 to	 dinner	 at	 Le	 Bernardin,	 which	 is	 nine	 courses	 of
seafood.	 About	 half	 the	 courses	 press	 at	 Celeste’s	 boundaries.	 Sea	 urchin	 custard?
Kampachi	sashimi?	She	imagines	telling	her	parents	that	Benji	spent	nine	hundred	dollars
on	 a	 dinner	 that	 included	 sea	 urchin,	 kampachi,	 and	 sea	 cucumber,	 which	 is	 not	 a
vegetable	 but	 an	 animal.	 There	 is	 wine	 with	 every	 course	 and	 Celeste	 gets	 tipsy.	 That
night,	she	invites	him	upstairs.
She	is	nervous.	Before	Benji,	there	have	been	only	two	other	men,	one	of	whom	was
the	TA	in	her	Mechanisms	of	Animal	Behavior	class	in	college.
The	next	day,	Merritt	texts:	So???????
Celeste	deletes	the	text.
Merritt	texts	again:	Come	on,	Celeste.	How	was	our	Benji	in	the	sack?
Fine,	Celeste	texts	back.
That	bad?	Merritt	says.
Good,	Celeste	says.	Which	is	true.	Benji	was	very	considerate,	very	aware	of	Celeste’s
desires—what	felt	good,	what	she	liked.	Maybe	he	was	too	aware.	But	that	hardly	seems
like	something	to	complain	about.
Uh-oh,	Merritt	says.
There	 are	 dinners	 in	 SoHo,	 the	 Village,	 and	 the	 Meatpacking	 District.	 There	 is	 takeout
Indian	food	and	sushi	and	Vietnamese,	now	a	favorite,	that	they	eat	at	Celeste’s	apartment
while	 watching	 The	 Americans.	 There	 is	 brunch	 at	 Saxon	 and	 Parole,	 where	 Benji
introduces	Celeste	to	the	phenomenon	of	the	bloody	mary	bar.	She	loads	her	glass	up	with
a	 little	 of	 everything:	 celery,	 carrots,	 peppers,	 house-made	 pickles	 and	 pickled	 onions,
bacon,	fresh	herbs,	beef	jerky,	olives,	and	spirals	of	lemon	and	lime.	Then,	when	her	glass
is	accessorized	like	an	eighty-year-old	woman	who	is	wearing	every	piece	of	jewelry	she
owns,	she	snaps	a	photo	and	sends	it	to	Merritt,	who	responds	ten	seconds	later:	Are	you	at
Saxon	and	Parole?
There’s	a	reading	at	the	Ninety-Second	Street	Y	by	a	writer	named	Wonder	Calloway,
who	reads	a	story	about	a	woman	Celeste’s	age	who	treks	to	the	base	camp	of	Everest	with
a	 man	 she	 loves	 but	 who	 does	 not	 love	 her	 in	 return.	 The	 man	 suffers	 from	 altitude
sickness	and	has	to	turn	back.	The	woman	has	to	decide	whether	to	stop	or	keep	going.
Celeste	is	moved	by	the	story	and	by	the	whole	idea	that	literature	can	be	relevant	to	her
life	and	her	feelings.	She	never	felt	that	way	when	reading	anything	in	high	school.	At	the
end	 of	 the	 reading,	 Benji	 buys	 Celeste	 a	 copy	 of	 Wonder	 Calloway’s	 short	 stories	 and
Wonder	autographs	it.	She	smiles	at	Celeste	and	asks	her	name,	then	writes	To	Celeste	in
the	book.	Celeste	is	thrilled	but	also	a	little	chagrined.	The	experiences	Benji	is	showing
her,	while	extraordinary,	are	messing	with	her	head.	She	knows	she	is	fine	just	as	she	is—
she	has	a	college	education	and	a	good	job—but	each	date	shows	her	all	the	ways	she	has
yet	to	grow.

She	reads	the	short	stories	on	her	commute	to	work	and	by	the	end	of	the	week,	she’s
finished	 and	 she	 asks	 Benji	 for	 another	 book.	 He	 gives	 her	 The	 Night	 Circus	 by	 Erin
Morgenstern.	She	loves	it	so	much	she	reads	it	any	chance	she	can	get.	She	reads	Small
Great	Things	by	Jodi	Picoult	and	The	Nightingale	by	Kristin	Hannah.	Benji	gives	her	a	list
of	books	he’s	loved	and	together	they	go	to	Shakespeare	and	Company.
There’s	a	new	Burmese	place	on	Broome	Street	that	Benji	wants	to	try	and	Celeste	says,
“Burmese?”	She	didn’t	even	realize	Burmese	food	warranted	its	own	restaurant,	but	she
should	 know	 by	 now	 that	 Benji	 seeks	 out	 far-flung	 cuisines—East	 African,	 Peruvian,
Basque.	He	compares	it	to	Celeste’s	love	of	exotic	animals.	She	can	talk	all	day	about	the
Nubian	ibex	and	he	can	talk	about	momos.
The	Burmese	restaurant	has	only	ten	seats,	all	of	them	taken,	so	they	get	their	order	to
go	and	Benji	says,	“Since	we’re	close,	we	might	as	well	go	to	my	place.”
“You	 live	 nearby?”	 Celeste	 asks.	 Benji	 has	 referred	 to	 his	 apartment	 only	 as	 being
downtown—but	 everyone	 lives	 downtown	 compared	 to	 Celeste.	 She	 has	 wondered	 why
she	has	never	been	invited	to	Benji’s	apartment.	After	she	finished	reading	Jane	Eyre,	she
joked	 that	 Benji	 must	 be	 hiding	 a	 crazy	 wife	 in	 his	 apartment.	 He	 bristled	 at	 this.	 “It’s
nothing	special,”	he	said.	“You	won’t	like	it.”
If	it’s	yours,	I’ll	like	it,	Celeste	thought,	but	she	hadn’t	wanted	to	push.	He	obviously
had	his	reasons.
Now,	 Benji	 leads	 Celeste	 into	 a	 high-rise	 luxury	 building	 in	 Tribeca,	 right	 next	 to
Stuyvesant	 High	 School,	 and	 after	 greeting	 the	 doorman	 and	 the	 man	 behind	 the	 front
desk,	they	get	into	the	elevator	and	Benji	presses	the	button	that	says	61B.
The	sixty-first	floor,	Celeste	thinks.	Her	building	is	a	six-floor	walk-up	and	she	lives	on
the	fifth	floor	in	the	rear.
Celeste’s	ears	pop	on	the	way	up	and	Benji	is	uncharacteristically	quiet.	The	elevator
fills	with	the	scent	of	the	Burmese	food,	but	Celeste’s	appetite	is	quelled	by	a	sudden	case
of	nerves.
The	 elevator	 doors	 open	 and	 Celeste	 steps	 into	 an	 apartment.	 She’s	 confused	 for	 a
second.
“So,	 wait,”	 she	 says.	 She	 turns	 around.	 Yes.	 The	 elevator	 has	 opened	 up	 right	 into
Benji’s	apartment.
Benji	 takes	 Celeste’s	 hand.	 She	 is	 fixated	 on	 the	 elevator.	 An	 elevator	 into	 his
apartment.	Did	she	know	places	like	this	existed?	Yes,	she	has	seen	it	in	the	movies.	If	she
lived	here,	she	might	be	tempted	to	press	the	elevator	button	just	so	she	could	experience
its	arrival	solely	for	her,	even	when	she	didn’t	have	to	go	anywhere.
The	 apartment	 has	 been	 professionally	 decorated	 and	 it’s	 immaculately	 clean.	 There
are	 black	 leather	 sofas,	 deep	 royal-blue	 club	 chairs,	 a	 colorful	 kaleidoscope	 of	 a	 rug,	 an
enormous	flat-screen	TV,	and,	on	either	side	of	the	TV,	shelving	that	is	crisscrossed	on	the
diagonal,	which	is	one	of	the	coolest	things	Celeste	has	ever	seen.	She	didn’t	even	know
diagonal	bookshelves	existed,	but	now	all	she	wants	in	the	world,	other	than	an	elevator

that	opens	up	into	her	apartment,	are	diagonal	bookshelves	and	books	to	put	on	them.
There’s	a	gourmet	kitchen,	which	is	sleek	and	gleaming	except	for	a	wide,	rough-hewn
wooden	bowl	filled	with	fruit:	pineapple,	mangoes,	papayas,	limes,	kiwis.	The	fruit	in	that
bowl	probably	costs	as	much	as	everything	in	Celeste’s	apartment.	She	feels	a	sudden	hot
shame	about	the	futon	she	uses	as	a	bed,	covered	with	a	quilt	her	mother	bought	from	an
Amish	market	in	Lancaster,	and	about	her	Ikea	side	tables	and	the	lamps	she	took	from	her
parents’	house,	the	bases	of	which	are	mason	jars	filled	with	beans.	She	cringes	when	she
thinks	 of	 the	 vintage	 zoo	 posters	 that	 she	 had	 framed	 at	 great	 expense	 (they	 had	 been
ninety	dollars	apiece	and	she	had	blanched)	and	the	rainbow	candles	her	mother	made	out
of	melted	crayons.
Benji	says	something	about	showing	her	around	and	she	mutely	follows	him	into	the
bedroom,	 where	 there	 is	 a	 floor-to-ceiling	 window	 that	 looks	 out	 on	 uptown.	 All	 of
Manhattan	is	rolled	out	before	them,	colorful	and	twinkling—and	one	of	those	lights,	just
one	dim	bulb	a	hundred-plus	blocks	up	and	to	the	east,	is	in	Celeste’s	apartment	window.
She	 presses	 her	 hands	 against	 the	 window,	 then	 removes	 them;	 she	 doesn’t	 want	 to
leave	prints.
“You	hate	it,”	Benji	says.
“How	 could	 you	 possibly	 think	 that?”	 she	 asks.	 “It…	 it…	 defies	 my	 humble
vocabulary.”
“My	 parents	 pay	 for	 it,”	 Benji	 says.	 “They	 offered	 it	 to	 me	 and	 I	 couldn’t	 say	 no.	 I
mean,	 I	 guess	 I	 could	 have	 said	 no,	 but	 you’d	 have	 to	 be	 crazy	 to	 turn	 a	 place	 like	 this
down.”
Part	of	Celeste	agrees,	of	course,	but	another	part	of	her	stands	in	righteous	opposition.
She	thinks	of	Rocky,	who	rents	a	studio	apartment	in	Queens;	he	rides	the	N/R	train	into
the	 city	 at	 five	 o’clock	 each	 morning	 to	 run	 the	 bodega.	 At	 night,	 he	 takes	 classes	 at
Queens	 College.	 He’s	 studying	 to	 be	 a	 teacher.	 There’s	 nobility	 in	 that,	 Celeste	 sees,	 a
nobility	and	an	ethic	that’s	missing	when	one	lives	in	an	apartment	that	could	easily	cost
seven	or	eight	thousand	dollars	a	month,	paid	for	by	one’s	parents.
“This	building	has	a	gym,”	Benji	says.	“And	it	has	a	pool.	You	can	use	the	pool	this
summer.	You	can	kiss	North	Meadow	good-bye.”
I	don’t	want	to	kiss	North	Meadow	good-bye!	Celeste	thinks	stubbornly.	But	she	knows
she’s	being	silly.
“We	 should	 appreciate	 this	 place	 while	 we	 can,”	 Benji	 says.	 “My	 parents	 are
threatening	to	buy	me	a	brownstone	uptown.”
A	brownstone	uptown,	Celeste	thinks	sardonically.	Of	course;	the	next	logical	step.
“East	Seventy-Eighth	Street,”	she	murmurs	in	spite	of	herself.	When	she	first	moved	to
Manhattan,	before	she	met	Merritt,	she	used	to	spend	her	weekends	wandering	the	Upper
East	 Side,	 looking	 in	 windows,	 admiring	 leaded-glass	 transoms	 and	 iron	 fretwork.	 The
block	between	Park	and	Lexington	on	Seventy-Eighth	Street	had	been	her	very	favorite.

She	used	to	gaze	at	the	fronts	of	the	homes	and	wonder	just	what	lucky	people	lived	there.
People	like	Benji.
“I’ll	tell	them	to	look	only	on	East	Seventy-Eighth	Street,”	Benji	says.	“Now	let’s	eat.”
Celeste	spends	all	week	feeling	uneasy	about	Benji’s	privilege.	She	can’t	exactly	claim	to
be	blindsided,	she	knew	it	existed,	but	now	that	the	extent	of	his	wealth	and	advantage	has
been	fully	revealed,	her	view	of	him	is	tinged,	ever	so	slightly,	with	distaste.
But	then	Benji	informs	her	that	on	the	last	Sunday	of	every	month,	he	volunteers	at	a
homeless	shelter	in	the	basement	of	his	parents’	church	on	the	Upper	East	Side.	He	asks
Celeste	if	she	would	like	to	come.	It	entails	serving	the	guests	a	hot	supper,	then	making
up	the	cots	and	staying	overnight.	Benji	would	be	in	a	room	with	the	men	and	Celeste	with
the	women.
“It’s	not	everyone’s	cup	of	tea,”	he	says.
“I’ll	do	it,”	Celeste	says.
At	Benji’s	suggestion,	Celeste	dresses	casually,	in	sweatpants	and	a	T-shirt.	She	helps
chop	 vegetables	 for	 soup,	 and	 during	 the	 meal,	 she	 pours	 coffee.	 All	 of	 the	 guests	 want
sugar	in	their	coffee,	lots	of	sugar;	the	pockets	of	Celeste’s	pants	bulge	with	packets.	One
of	 the	 male	 guests	 starts	 calling	 her	 Sugar	 Girl.	 Benji	 hears	 him	 and	 says,	 “Hey	 there,
Malcolm,	slow	your	roll.	She’s	my	Sugar	Girl.”	This	makes	everyone	laugh.	Benji	has	an
easy	 rapport	 with	 the	 guests	 and	 knows	 many	 of	 them	 by	 name—Malcolm,	 Slick,
Henrietta,	 Anya,	 Linus.	 Celeste	 tries	 to	 be	 respectful,	 to	 pretend	 she’s	 working	 at	 a
restaurant	for	paying	guests,	but	she	can’t	help	wondering	what	circumstances	life	threw	at
these	people	that	they	ended	up	here.	With	one	stroke	of	bad	luck,	she	supposes,	it	could
be	her.	Or	her	parents.
After	dinner,	Celeste	makes	up	fourteen	cots	with	sheets	and	blankets.	She	doles	out
one	flat	pillow	per	guest.	Benji	had	told	her	that	the	guests	go	to	bed	early—even	though
TV	 is	 allowed	 until	 ten—because	 being	 homeless	 is	 cold	 and	 exhausting.	 Most	 of	 the
women	 lie	 down	 right	 away.	 Celeste	 has	 brought	 her	 toiletries	 in	 a	 plastic	 bag	 and	 she
goes	to	the	bathroom	to	brush	her	teeth	and	wash	her	face.	It’s	kind	of	like	living	in	the
college	 dorms,	 but	 she	 suspects	 Benji	 is	 right:	 this	 isn’t	 for	 everyone.	 Celeste	 can’t
imagine	Merritt	here	in	a	million	years	and	his	ex-girlfriend	Jules	even	less	so.	She	feels
proud	of	herself	for	being	a	good	person,	then	decides	that	the	pride	means	she’s	not	so
good	after	all.
She	 kisses	 Benji	 chastely	 in	 the	 hallway	 between	 the	 men’s	 dorm	 and	 the	 women’s
dorm.
“Are	you	going	to	be	okay?”	he	asks.
“Yes,	of	course,”	she	says.
“I	wish	I	could	be	with	you,”	he	says.	He	kisses	her	again.
Celeste	 crawls	 onto	 her	 cot.	 The	 sheets	 smell	 like	 industrial-strength	 bleach,	 and	 the
pillow	 is	 no	 more	 effective	 than	 a	 cocktail	 napkin.	 She	 stuffs	 her	 winter	 coat	 under	 her

head.
She	falls	asleep	listening	to	the	other	women	snore.	She	misses	her	mother.
Merritt	 sends	 a	 text	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 following	 week:	 How’s	 everything	 with	 the
boyfriend?
Boyfriend.	The	term	gives	Celeste	pause—but	there’s	no	denying	it.	Celeste	and	Benji
like	each	other.	They’re	a	couple,	doing	couple	things.	They’re	boyfriend	and	girlfriend.
They’re	happy.
And	then	Celeste	meets	Shooter.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	9:30	a.m.

NANTUCKET

Marty	Szczerba	(Skuh-zer-ba)	is	the	head	of	security	at	the	Nantucket	Memorial	Airport.
It’s	a	town	job	and	comes	with	full	benefits,	which	nearly	makes	up	for	the	ball-breaking
stress	of	his	job	in	the	summer.
June	and	July	are	foggy	months.	In	the	early	summer	on	Nantucket,	warm,	moist	air
flows	over	the	colder	water.	The	moist	air	cools	to	its	dew	point	and	a	cloud	forms	at	the
water’s	surface.	This	is	fog.	Marty	wishes	the	town	had	a	budget	allocation	for	a	program
in	Fog	Awareness	because	cutesy	T-shirts	and	mugs	that	display	the	slogan	 FOG	HAPPENS
don’t	 seem	 to	 be	 getting	 the	 message	 across.	 Fog	 happens.	 It	 will	 happen	 to	 you,	 Mr.
Millionaire	from	Greenwich,	Connecticut,	and	to	you,	Ms.	Billionaire	from	Silicon	Valley.
Your	flight	will	be	delayed	or	canceled	if	the	ceiling	drops	below	two	hundred	feet.	You
will	 miss	 your	 connection,	 and	 your	 day’s	 plans—board	 meeting,	 daughter’s	 graduation
from	Duke,	rendezvous	with	your	lover	at	the	Hotel	Le	Meurice	in	Paris—will	have	to	be
canceled.
On	Saturday,	July	7,	Marty	sits	down	at	his	desk	for	his	hot	breakfast	from	Crosswinds,
the	excellent	airport	diner—a	perk	of	the	job	he	has	greatly	appreciated	since	his	wife	of
thirty-one	 years,	 Nancy,	 died—to	 look	 over	 his	 choices	 on	 Match.com.	 Finding	 an	 ageappropriate	 woman	 who	 wants	 to	 live	 year-round	 on	 Nantucket	 has	 proven	 to	 be
something	of	a	challenge.	Marty	has	been	on	three	dates	in	the	past	six	months,	but	not
one	of	the	women	has	looked	a	single	thing	like	her	profile	picture,	which	has	thrown	the
integrity	 of	 the	 website	 into	 question	 for	 Marty.	 His	 assistant,	 Bonita,	 is	 a	 thirty-threeyear-old	single	woman	and	she	keeps	telling	Marty	to	use	Tinder.
“Swipe	right,”	she	always	says.	“Guaranteed	action.”
It	has	become	a	joke	between	them;	Marty	isn’t	after	“action.”	What	he	would	like	is	a
meaningful	relationship,	a	leading	lady	for	his	second	act.	It’s	just	when	he	is,	for	the	first
time,	 seriously	 considering	 Tinder—could	 he	 swipe	 right,	 just	 once?—that	 a	 phone	 call
comes	in	from	the	chief	of	police.	They	have	found	a	body	floating	out	in	Monomoy	and
there’s	 a	 person	 of	 interest—the	 name	 the	 Chief	 gives	 Marty	 is	 Shooter	 Uxley—on	 the
run.
Marty	 writes	 down	 the	 name	 and	 a	 description	 of	 the	 guy—late	 twenties,	 dark	 hair,
wearing	Nantucket	Reds	shorts,	blue	oxford	shirt,	navy	blazer,	and	loafers.	Good-looking,
the	 Chief	 says.	 Marty	 laughs	 because	 this	 description	 fits	 any	 of	 a	 hundred	 guys	 in	 the
airport	at	any	given	moment	over	the	summer.	He	shovels	in	a	bite	of	scrambled	eggs	and
home	fries,	clicks	out	of	his	dating	website,	and	goes	downstairs	to	talk	to	the	state	police.
Lola	Budd	has	shocked	every	adult	in	her	life	by	excelling	at	her	job	on	the	ticket	desk	at
Hy-Line	Cruises.	Lola’s	aunt	Kendra,	who	has	been	her	legal	guardian	since	her	mother

overdosed	and	her	father	went	to	jail,	told	Lola	she	was	too	young	and	too	immature	to
handle	 such	 a	 job.	 Lola	 Budd	 has	 exhibited	 some	 uneven	 behavior	 both	 at	 home	 and	 at
school,	but	she	convinced	her	aunt	that	if	she	took	on	a	job	with	a	lot	of	responsibility,	she
would	rise	to	the	challenge.	She	wants	to	eventually	attend	the	hospitality	school	at	UMass
and	she	feels	a	summer	job	that	involves	a	lot	of	interfacing	with	the	public	will	give	her
an	advantage.
She	has	been	at	the	job	for	three	weeks	now	and	she	absolutely	loves	it.	Unlike	school,
which	she	believes	is	a	waste	of	time,	this	job	makes	her	feel	adult,	relevant.	She	is	doing
something	meaningful,	facilitating	travel	between	Nantucket	and	Hyannis,	which	is	to	say,
between	a	summer	fantasyland	and	the	real	world.
Lola	especially	likes	her	job	on	frenetic	days	like	today,	the	Saturday	after	the	Fourth
of	July,	when	the	line	is	117	people	long.	This	boat,	the	9:15,	is	sold	out.	Every	boat	today
and	 all	 of	 the	 boats	 tomorrow	 are	 sold	 out.	 To	 get	 tickets	 for	 you,	 your	 wife,	 and	 your
three	 kids	 back	 to	 America	 today,	 you	 basically	 had	 to	 make	 that	 your	 New	 Year’s
resolution	and	execute	on	January	second.
The	woman	who	works	at	the	station	next	to	Lola’s,	a	sixty-year-old	Nantucket	native
named	 Mary	 Ellen	 Cahill,	 has	 a	 sign	 in	 front	 of	 her	 computer	 terminal	 that	 says:	 BAD
PLANNING	 ON	 YOUR	 PART	 DOES	 NOT	 CONSTITUTE	 AN	 EMERGENCY	 ON	 MY	 PART.	Although	Lola
agrees	with	this	sentiment,	she	finds	the	most	satisfying	parts	of	the	job	are	when	she	can
be	a	hero,	when	she	can	arrange	for	a	last-minute	ticket	to	appear	out	of	thin	air,	when	she
can	 fix	 a	 snafu.	 Mr.	 and	 Mrs.	 Diegnan	 meant	 to	 book	 the	 last	 boat	 back	 on	 Friday,	 not
Thursday,	 even	 though	 the	 ticket	 Susan	 Diegnan	 was	 showing	 clearly	 said	 Thursday,
which	 was	 the	 day	 before.	 No	problem!	 Lola	 would	 switch	 the	 Diegnans	 to	 the	 Friday
boat,	free	of	charge.	Lola	loves	calling	a	name	off	the	waiting	list	and	seeing	joy	and	relief
flood	someone’s	face.
This	 particular	 day,	 however,	 there	 will	 be	 no	 faces	 filled	 with	 relief,	 and	 Lola	 has
nothing	to	offer	but	a	manufactured	expression	of	sympathy.	“I’m	sorry,	sir.	I	don’t	have	a
boat	 ticket	 available	 until	 Monday	 at	 four	 oh	 five.	 You	 may	 want	 to	 check	 with	 the
Steamship	 Authority.	 Their	 car	 ferries	 accommodate	 far	 more	 passengers.”	 Today	 there
will	be	people	swearing	in	front	of	and	at	Lola.	Today	there	will	be	people	calling	the	HyLine	a	“Mickey	Mouse	operation”	and	a	“dog-and-pony	show.”
A	dog-and-pony	show?	Lola	thinks.	What	even	is	that?
In	job	training,	Lola	was	taught	to	accept	all	comments	with	calm	reserve.	The	worst
thing	 she	 can	 do	 is	 react	 with	 anger	 or	 indignation,	 thereby	 engaging	 the	 disgruntled
customer.
“I	 have	 a	 problem,”	 a	 puffy-faced	 pregnant	 woman	 says.	 She’s	 sweating,	 carrying	 a
toddler,	 and	 she	 has	 another	 child,	 perhaps	 five	 years	 old,	 clinging	 to	 her	 leg.	 “I	 was
holding	my	ferry	tickets	for	two	adults	and	two	children,	and	I	set	them	down	for	a	second
and	 when	 I	 picked	 them	 back	 up	 I	 had	 only	 one	 adult	 and	 two	 children,	 which	 means
someone	stole	one	of	my	ferry	tickets.”
Lola	nods.	She	has	yet	to	be	confronted	with	accusations	of	ticket	theft,	but	if	it	was

going	to	happen,	she	thinks,	then	it	was	going	to	happen	today.	On	the	other	side	of	her
counter	is	a	mob	of	desperate	people.
“Have	you	checked	with	your	husband?”	Lola	asks.	“Is	it	possible	he	took	his	ticket
without	you	realizing	it?”
“Of	course	I	checked	with	my	husband!”	the	woman	says.	“He	doesn’t	have	it.	I	was	in
charge	 of	 the	 tickets	 and	 he	 was	 in	 charge	 of	 handling	 the	 luggage,	 which	 really	 means
sneaking	in	one	final	beer	at	the	Gazebo	because	he	has	a	crush	on	the	bartender.	The	one
with	the…”	She	gives	Lola	a	good	approximation	of	the	eye-roll	emoji.	“You	know	how
men	can	be.”
One	of	the	things	Lola	has	learned	on	this	job	is	how	men	can	be.	Before,	Lola	knew
only	how	boys	could	be.	She	has	had	a	boyfriend	for	nine	months,	two	weeks,	and	five
days.	His	name	is	Finn	MacAvoy	and	Lola	loves	him	like	crazy,	it’s	true	love	forever,	et
cetera,	 and	 she	 presumes	 they’ll	 end	 up	 getting	 married.	 Finn	 lost	 both	 his	 parents	 in	 a
sailing	accident	and	so	he	and	Lola	are	both	in	the	same	situation—virtual	orphans.
But	Lola	would	be	lying	if	she	said	she	hasn’t	been	amazed	by	the	power	she	seems	to
exert	over	certain	men.	She	has	been	propositioned	by	some	and	blatantly	ogled	by	others.
It’s	common	for	a	pale,	chubby,	balding	married	dude	to	confront	Lola	and	find	himself
tongue-tied.	What	had	he	meant	to	ask	her?	He	can’t	recall.
And	that’s	how	men	can	be.
Lola	 feels	 bad	 for	 the	 pregnant	 woman	 (Aunt	 Kendra	 worries	 about	 Lola	 getting
pregnant,	but	this	job	is	effective	birth	control),	but	there	is	nothing	she	can	do.
“I’m	sorry,”	Lola	says.	“I	don’t	even	have	one	extra	seat	on	this	boat.	The	next	seat	I
do	have	available	is	on	Monday	at	four	oh	five.”
“But	I	had	the	ticket!”	the	woman	shrieks.	“I	paid	for	it!	And	someone	stole	it!”
“Unfortunately,	we	have	no	way	to	prove	that,”	Lola	says.	“You	might	have	dropped	it
accidentally	and	someone	else	might	have	picked	it	up.	You	do	have	your	hands	full.”
“But	 my	 mother	 is	 sick!”	 the	 woman	 says.	 “She’s	 in	 the	 hospital	 with	 shingles.	 We
have	to	get	off	today.	It’s	a	medical	emergency.”
Lola	remembers	to	breathe.	It’s	astonishing	the	lies	people	will	fabricate	when	they’re
desperate.	Lola	wants	to	quietly	tell	this	woman	that	her	best	bet	for	getting	off	the	island
is	 to	 pretend	 she’s	 going	 into	 labor.	 She	 will	 be	 taken	 to	 the	 mainland	 in	 a	 medical
helicopter	and	her	husband	can	use	the	one	remaining	adult	ferry	ticket.
“I’m	sorry,”	Lola	says.	“And	I’ll	have	to	ask	you	to	step	aside	so	I	can	help	the	next
customer.”
The	 next	 customer	 swears	 she	 has	 a	 reservation	 under	 the	 name	 Iuffredo	 but	 Lola
doesn’t	see	it	on	her	computer.	“Could	it	be	under	a	different	name?”	she	asks.
“I	have	the	reservation	number	somewhere,”	Ms.	Iuffredo	says.	She	rummages	through
her	purse.

The	 phone	 rings.	 Lola	 looks	 down	 at	 her	 console.	 It’s	 the	 emergency	 line,	 one	 that
can’t	be	ignored.	Lola	picks	it	up.
“Hello,	Hy-Line	Cruises.	This	is	Lola	Budd	speaking.	How	may	I	help	you?”
There’s	a	split-second	pause,	then	a	man’s	voice.	“Lola	Budd?	Oh,	that’s	right.	I	forgot
you	worked	there.	Lola,	this	is	Chief	Kapenash.	May	I	talk	to	your	supervisor,	please?”
“Oh,	hi,	Chief!”	Lola	says.	The	Chief	is	Finn’s	uncle	and	legal	guardian.	He	is	a	very
important	 person	 on	 Nantucket.	 He’s	 the	 Chief.	 Of.	 Police.	 Lola	 has	 the	 distinct
impression	 that	 the	 Chief	 doesn’t	 like	 her,	 doesn’t	 approve	 of	 her.	 He	 probably	 wishes
Finn	 were	 dating	 someone	 like	 Meg	 Lyon,	 a	 three-sport	 athlete	 with	 good	 grades	 and
squeaky-clean	behavior.	But	now	the	Chief	will	witness	Lola	Budd	in	her	new	persona	as
a	responsible,	competent	Hy-Line	Cruises	employee.	“My	supervisor	isn’t	here	right	now.
It’s	 just	 me,	 Mary	 Ellen,	 and	 Kalik	 and	 we	 have	 a	 boat	 leaving	 in	 eight	 minutes	 so
everyone	is	really	busy.	Gracie	should	be	back	soon,	though.	Would	you	like	me	to	leave
her	a—”
“Eight	minutes?”	the	Chief	says.	“Put	Mary	Ellen	on	the	phone,	please.”
“She’s	with	a	customer,”	Lola	says.
“Put	her	on	the	phone,	Lola,”	the	Chief	says.	“This	is	an	emergency.”
Marty	Szczerba	talks	to	Brenner,	the	state	policeman	on	duty	at	the	airport,	and	gets	more
details	 about	 the	 potential	 murder.	 The	 body	 they	 have	 is	 a	 twenty-nine-year-old	 New
York	 City	 woman	 who	 came	 to	 Nantucket	 to	 be	 the	 maid	 of	 honor	 in	 her	 best	 friend’s
wedding.
The	news	lands	like	a	punch	to	Marty’s	gut	because	his	very	own	daughter,	Laura	Rae,
is	 getting	 married	 in	 September	 and	 her	 maid	 of	 honor,	 Adi	 Conover,	 is	 like	 a	 second
daughter	to	Marty.	Because	Marty’s	wife,	Nancy,	is	gone,	Marty	has	been	the	one	planning
the	wedding	with	Laura	Rae.	They	hired	Roger	Pelton	to	help—Marty	and	Roger	go	way
back,	as	Roger’s	daughter	Heather	and	Laura	Rae	played	softball	together	in	high	school
—and	out	of	curiosity	plus	some	kind	of	hunch,	Marty	asks	Brenner	the	state	policeman	if
Roger	Pelton	was	doing	the	wedding.
“Roger	Pelton?”	Brenner	says.	“He’s	the	one	who	called	it	in.	But	I’m	pretty	sure	he’s
been	cleared.”
Cleared?	Marty	thinks.	Of	course	Roger	has	been	cleared.	He	certainly	didn’t	murder
anyone!	Marty	tells	Brenner	to	call	over	to	Blade,	the	private	helicopter	service,	as	well	as
the	 private	 plane	 hangar	 ASAP.	 There’s	 no	 way	 a	 person	 of	 interest	 would	 escape
Nantucket	 via	 a	 commercial	 flight.	 The	 TSA	 are	 too	 assiduous;	 they’re	 bulldogs.	 They
don’t	let	peanut	butter	through,	much	less	a	person	of	interest.
Brenner	 says	 he’ll	 handle	 the	 private	 services,	 and	 Marty	 alerts	 the	 TSA	 and	 the
policeman	 on	 duty	 inside	 security,	 then	 he	 goes	 back	 upstairs	 to	 his	 desk	 to	 call	 Roger
Pelton.
“I	heard	about	the	body,”	Marty	says.	“I’m	so	sorry,	Roger.”

“I	can’t…	I	don’t	think…”	Roger	sounds	choked	up.	“I	can’t	describe	what	it	was	like,
pulling	that	poor	girl	out	of	the	water.	The	bride	was	the	one	who	found	her	floating,	her
best	friend,	her	maid	of	honor.	The	bride	was…	well,	she	was	hysterical	and	she’s	such	a
sweet,	sweet	kid.	Her	big	day	ended	before	it	even	began,	and	in	complete	tragedy.”
“Aw,	jeez,	Roger,”	Marty	says.	He	eyes	his	breakfast,	which	has	now	grown	cold.	He
pushes	the	plate	away.	“Who’s	this	person	of	interest	on	the	lam?	This	Shooter	Uxley?”
“On	the	lam?”	Roger	says.	“Shooter?”
“The	Chief	called	a	little	while	ago,”	Marty	says.	“They’re	looking	for	someone	named
Shooter	Uxley.”
“He’s	the	best	man,”	Roger	says.	“Real	gregarious	kid,	strong	handshake.	He	went	out
of	 the	 way	 to	 notice	 the	 details.	 He’s	 in	 event	 planning	 himself,	 I	 guess.	 I	 have	 twenty
weddings	this	month	alone	and	I	can’t	remember	anyone—but	that	guy	I	really	liked.”
“Well,	he’s	missing,”	Marty	says.	“He	was	about	to	be	questioned	by	the	police	and	he
escaped	through	a	bathroom	window.”
“That	doesn’t	look	good,”	Roger	says.	“I	guess	you	never	know.”
“Ain’t	that	the	truth,”	Marty	says.	And	then	he	says	good-bye,	hangs	up,	and	gets	back
to	the	job.
When	Mary	Ellen	Cahill	gets	off	the	phone	with	the	Chief,	she	hands	Lola	a	slip	of	paper
that	says	Shooter	Uxley.
“He’s	not	in	the	computer,”	Mary	Ellen	says.	“So	he	would	have	been	a	walk-in.	He’s
six	feet	tall,	dark	hair,	wearing	a	blue	blazer.”
“That	narrows	it	down,”	Lola	says.
“My	guess	is	he	took	the	Steamship,”	Mary	Ellen	says.	“I	hope	he	took	the	Steamship.
We’re	too	busy	for	a	murder	suspect	today.”
Lola	 looks	 at	 the	 name	 again.	 Shooter	 Uxley.	 She	 pulls	 out	 her	 phone,	 which	 is
expressly	forbidden	on	the	job,	and	finds	him	instantly	on	Facebook.	He’s	as	handsome	as
Tom	Brady.	And	then	Lola	figures	it	out.
“Hold	the	boat!”	she	shouts.	She	tears	out	from	behind	the	counter	and	goes	charging
out	 of	 the	 office	 and	 down	 the	 dock.	 George,	 the	 steward,	 is	 just	 about	 to	 fold	 up	 the
gangplank.
“Lola.”	George	winks	at	her.	He	has	a	crush	on	her,	she	knows,	which	will	work	to	her
advantage.
“I	need	to	get	on	that	boat,”	she	says.	“And	as	soon	as	I	get	on,	I	need	you	to	find	a
policeman	and	send	him	right	behind	me.”
“Whoa!”	George	says.	“You	buggin’?”
“Trust	 me,	 Georgie.	 This	 is	 an	 urgent	 matter.	 A	 life-and-death	 matter.	 Let	 me	 on	 the
boat,	then	find	a	policeman.”

“Seriously?”
“Seriously,”	Lola	says.
She	wants	to	go	charging	through	the	cabin	but	she	maintains	her	calm.	The	stolen	ticket.
The	movie-star	handsome	Shooter	Uxley	stole	a	ticket	from	the	pregnant	woman	and	went
sauntering	onto	the	boat.	Lola	scans	the	faces.	She	sees	old	people,	sunburned	people,	men
wearing	 Nantucket	 Reds;	 she	 sees	 yellow	 Labs,	 crying	 babies,	 Boston	 terriers,	 women
who	have	had	a	lot	of	plastic	surgery.	She	sees	a	kid	in	a	Spider-Man	costume.	She	sees	a
shirtless	guy	in	a	pair	of	American-flag	trunks,	passed	out	and	snoring.
Lola	Budd	feels	a	hand	on	her	arm.	She	turns	to	see	a	policeman	standing	with	Fred
Stiftel,	one	of	the	captains.
“Young	lady,”	the	policeman	says.	“What’s	going	on?”
Lola	glances	around	the	cabin.	Her	eye	snags	on	a	face	in	line	at	the	bar.	He	has	his
sunglasses	 on	 but	 she	 recognizes	 the	 set	 of	 his	 jaw	 and	 the	 dark,	 floppy	 forelock.	 Blue
shirt,	navy	blazer.
“There	 he	 is,”	 Lola	 says	 to	 the	 policeman.	 She	 keeps	 her	 voice	 normal	 and	 her	 eyes
trained	on	the	person	of	interest.	“Shooter	Uxley.	He’s	right	there.”
The	officer	approaches	Shooter	Uxley,	who	drops	his	beer.	In	the	ensuing	commotion,
he	tries	to	run	but	it’s	too	crowded,	there’s	nowhere	to	go,	and	the	policeman	easily	pins
Shooter’s	arms	behind	his	back	and	cuffs	him.	He	informs	Shooter	that	he	is	a	person	of
interest	 in	 an	 ongoing	 investigation	 and	 that	 he	 will	 be	 detained	 until	 the	 police	 release
him	from	questioning.	Everyone	on	the	boat	is	watching.	There’s	a	low-level	hum	beneath
a	general	hush.
It’s	just	like	on	TV!	Lola	thinks.	In	this	case,	the	hero	is	her!	Lola	Budd!
She	can’t	wait	to	text	Finn	and	tell	him	about	it.	The	Chief	will	have	to	like	her	now.

Friday,	July	6,	2018,	8:30	p.m.

KAREN

Bruce	brings	her	a	cup	filled	with	a	pale,	fizzy	liquid	garnished	with	two	blackberries.
“What	is	this?”	she	asks.	“Not	the	punch?	I	don’t	think	I	can	handle	the	punch.”
“Not	 the	 punch,”	 Bruce	 says.	 “It’s	 a	 wine	 cooler,	 handcrafted	 by	 yours	 truly.	 More
cooler	than	wine,	but	I	tasted	it	and	I	think	you’ll	approve.”
Karen	 takes	 a	 sip	 and	 is	 transported	 back	 to	 her	 youth.	 Her	 husband	 is	 the	 most
thoughtful	man	on	earth.	“Thank	you,	baby,”	she	says.
He	kisses	her	full	on	the	lips,	and	even	after	so	many	years,	something	inside	of	Karen
stirs.	“Anything	for	you,”	he	says.	“And	I	do	mean	anything.”
At	the	table,	Karen	eats	half	a	lobster	tail.	Each	butter-drenched	bite	makes	her	moan	with
pleasure.	Never	in	her	life	has	anything	tasted	so	divine.
Bruce	 tries	 to	 cajole	 her	 into	 tasting	 his	 biscuit.	 He	 pulls	 it	 apart	 so	 she	 can	 see	 the
fluffy	layers,	but	she	demurs.	The	lobster	was	enough,	more	than	enough.
Bruce	 chimes	 his	 spoon	 against	 his	 water	 glass	 as	 he	 holds	 it	 aloft.	 The	 tent	 grows
quiet.	Karen	hopes	this	goes	well.	Bruce	has	had	at	least	three	cups	of	the	punch.
Bruce	says,	“Ladies	and	gentlemen,	I’m	Bruce	Otis,	father	of	the	bride.”
His	face	radiates	pride.	He	loves	the	title	and	Karen	has	to	admit,	she	does	too.	The	last
time	 either	 of	 them	 were	 people	 of	 distinction,	 she	 thinks,	 was	 when	 they	 were	 in	 high
school.	She	swam	the	butterfly	leg	on	the	four-hundred-meter	relay	team,	and	anyone	who
isn’t	 impressed	 by	 that	 has	 never	 tried	 to	 swim	 a	 hundred	 yards	 of	 butterfly,	 much	 less
swim	it	fast.	And	Bruce,	of	course,	won	the	state	wrestling	title.
Karen	gazes	down	at	the	table	and	closes	her	eyes	to	listen.	We	would	go	to	the	post
office	 to	 mail	 packages	 or	 check	 our	 box,	 and	 the	 line	 was	 always	 extra-long	 on
Saturdays,	but	you	know	what?	I	didn’t	care.	I	could	wait	an	hour.	I	could	wait	all	day…
because	I	was	with	Karen.	Karen	embeds	these	words	deep	within	herself.	She	has	been
loved	 in	 her	 life,	 deeply	 and	 truly	 loved.	 She	 has	 been	 known	 and	 understood.	 Is	 there
anything	more	she	is	supposed	to	want?
But	following	her	gratitude	is…	guilt.	She	hasn’t	told	Bruce	about	the	three	pearlescent
ovoid	 pills	 mixed	 in	 with	 her	 oxy.	 The	 pill	 is	 an	 unpronounceable	 compound	 that	 she
bought	 illegally	 off	 the	 internet	 from	 a	 website	 she	 stumbled	 across	 when	 she	 Googled
euthanasia.	 She	 e-mailed	 with	 a	 person	 named	 Dr.	 Tang	 who	 used	 to	 be	 an
anesthesiologist,	 licensed	 in	 the	 state	 of	 Utah,	 and	 now	 provides	 terminally	 ill	 patients
with	drugs—for	a	price—so	that	people	like	Karen	can	end	their	lives	with	dignity.

The	three	pills	cost	twelve	hundred	dollars,	eleven	hundred	of	which	Karen	withdrew
from	her	own	personal	checking	account,	money	she	had	stashed	away	from	working	at
the	Crayola	factory	gift	shop—her	“mad	money,”	as	her	mother	used	to	call	it.	The	other
hundred	 dollars	 she	 stole	 from	 Bruce’s	 wallet	 in	 five-and	 ten-dollar	 increments.	 She
justifies	the	act	because,	unlike	Bruce,	she	does	not	have	a	penchant	for	expensive	clothes.
She	has	never	spent	a	frivolous	dollar	in	her	life,	and	she	certainly	isn’t	now.	These	pills
will	put	her	down	instantly,	saving	both	Bruce	and	Celeste	the	anguish,	mess,	and	expense
of	her	natural	demise.
If	 she	 told	 Bruce,	 he	 would	 understand,	 she	 thinks.	 In	 thirty-two	 years	 of	 marriage,
they	 have	 always	 viewed	 the	 world	 the	 same	 way.	 But	 what	 if	 he	 doesn’t	 understand?
Euthanasia	is	a	topic	that	taps	into	deeply	personal	views	of	dignity	and	fear	but,	mostly,
spirituality.	Karen	is	afraid	of	pain,	yes,	she’s	afraid	of	the	cancer	eating	her	up	from	the
inside.	Bruce	is	afraid	of	being	left	alone,	but	he	might	also	be	afraid	for	her	soul.	She	has
no	 idea.	 They	 haven’t	 been	 big	 church	 people,	 though	 they	 identify	 loosely	 as	 Catholic
and	celebrate	all	the	holidays.	They	had	Celeste	baptized	at	St.	Jane’s	in	Palmer	Township,
back	when	Karen’s	mother	and	Bruce’s	parents	were	still	alive.	But	Karen	hasn’t	set	foot
in	 St.	 Jane’s	 for	 years	 and	 years.	 Bruce	 has	 always	 seemed	 to	 be	 on	 the	 same	 page	 as
Karen—she	 doesn’t	 know	 what	 she	 believes	 in;	 she	 just	 tries	 to	 be	 a	 good	 person	 and
hopes	for	the	best.	But	what	if	Bruce	secretly	holds	the	tenets	of	the	Catholic	Church	to	be
absolute	and	believes	that	suicide	will	automatically	assign	Karen	to	hell?
Karen	 hasn’t	 talked	 to	 Bruce	 about	 life	 after	 she’s	 gone	 because	 he	 refuses	 to
acknowledge	 the	 inevitable—which,	 she	 supposes,	 is	 better	 than	 him	 accepting	 it	 too
readily.	 As	 the	 assembled	 guests	 raise	 their	 glasses	 to	 Celeste	 and	 Benji,	 Bruce	 gazes
down	 on	 Karen	 with	 an	 expression	 so	 filled	 with	 tenderness,	 with	 love	 and	 awe,	 that
Karen	can	barely	meet	his	eyes.	Her	ardor	matches	his	own,	but	she	is	a	realist.	Cancer	has
made	her	a	realist.
She	has,	for	example,	come	to	terms	with	the	likelihood	that	Bruce	will	remarry.	She
wants	him	to.	It	won’t	be	the	same,	she	knows.	He	will	always	love	her	first,	last,	and	best.
The	new	wife	will	be	younger—not	as	young	as	Celeste,	Karen	hopes—and	she	will	add	a
new	vitality	to	Bruce’s	life.	Maybe	the	new	wife	will	have	a	job	that	provides	money	for
traveling,	 real	 traveling—national	 parks,	 cruises,	 bicycle	 tours	 of	 Europe.	 Maybe	 Bruce
will	 take	 up	 yoga	 or	 watercolor	 painting;	 maybe	 he’ll	 learn	 to	 speak	 Italian.	 Karen	 can
imagine	these	possibilities	without	jealousy	or	anger.	That’s	how	she	knows	it’s	time	for
her	to	go.
After	 dessert,	 she	 and	 Bruce	 dance	 to	 one	 song,	 “Little	 Surfer	 Girl.”	 Karen	 has	 always
loved	this	song	even	though	she	has	never	been	anywhere	near	a	surfboard.	She	heard	her
father	 sing	 it	 once,	 in	 the	 car,	 when	 she	 was	 a	 little	 girl	 and	 that	 was	 all	 it	 took.	 Her
father’s	happiness	and	his	carefree	falsetto	had	been	contagious.	Bruce	knows	about	this
memory	and	so	he	croons	in	Karen’s	ear.	They	are	dancing—shuffling,	really—among	the
other	 guests.	 No	 one	 is	 staring	 at	 them,	 she	 hopes,	 or	 taking	 photos	 or	 marveling	 that	 a
woman	so	sick	can	still	dance.
When	the	song	is	over,	everyone	claps.	The	band,	it	seems,	is	calling	it	a	night.	The

evening	is	drawing	to	a	close.
Celeste	appears	out	of	nowhere.	“D-D-Did	you	have	fun,	B-B-Betty?”
“So	much	fun,”	Karen	says.	“But	I’m	exhausted.”
She	 feels	 Bruce’s	 hand	 against	 her	 back;	 even	 the	 light	 pressure	 is	 excruciating.	 The
oxy	is	wearing	off,	leaving	her	nerve	endings	to	glint	like	shattered	glass.	She	needs	one
more	oxy	before	she	falls	asleep.
“We	have	a	big	day	tomorrow,”	Bruce	says.
Celeste	says,	“T-T-Tag	is	really	looking	forward	to	having	a	drink	with	you	in	his	st-ststudy.	A	drink	and	a	Cuban	cigar.	He’s	been	t-t-talking	about	it	all	week.”
“He	has?”	Bruce	says.	“News	to	me.”
“I’ll	get	B-B-Betty	up	to	b-b-bed,”	Celeste	says.
“No,	no,	darling,”	Karen	says.	“You	go	have	fun.	It’s	the	night	before	your	wedding.
You	should	go	out	with	your	friends.”
Celeste	gazes	across	the	yard	to	where	Benji	and	Shooter	are	filling	up	cups	of	beer	at
the	 keg.	 Shooter	 looks	 up,	 then	 jogs	 over.	 Karen	 is	 embarrassed	 at	 how	 handsome	 she
finds	 him.	 He’s	 as	 good-looking	 as	 the	 teen	 idols	 from	 her	 era—Leif	 Garrett,	 David
Cassidy,	Robby	Benson.
“Mrs.	 Otis,”	 he	 says.	 “Can	 I	 get	 you	 anything?	 I	 happen	 to	 know	 where	 the	 caterers
stashed	the	extra	lobster	tails.”
This	 makes	 Karen	 laugh	 despite	 the	 knives	 starting	 to	 twist	 in	 her	 lower	 back.	 How
darling	of	Shooter	to	remember	that	Karen	likes	lobster,	even	though	the	days	when	she
might	have	enjoyed	a	midnight	snack	are	gone.
“We’re	going	to	bed,”	Karen	says.	“But	thank	you.	Please	take	my	daughter	out	on	the
town.”
“I	need	my	b-b-beauty	sleep,”	Celeste	says.
“You’re	 beautiful	 enough	 as	 it	 is,”	 Shooter	 says.	 “You	 couldn’t	 get	 any	 more
beautiful.”
Karen	 looks	 at	 Shooter	 and	 notes	 the	 expression	 on	 his	 face:	 tenderness.	 Celeste
inspires	it	in	people,	she	supposes.
“I	couldn’t	agree	more,”	Karen	says.
“The	 defense	 rests,	 then,”	 Bruce	 says.	 He	 kisses	 Celeste’s	 forehead,	 then	 nudges	 her
gently	toward	Shooter.	“Go	have	fun,	darling.”
“But	Mac,	T-T-Tag	wants—”
“Your	 father	 will	 go	 find	 Tag	 for	 a	 drink,”	 Karen	 says.	 “I’m	 perfectly	 capable	 of
getting	myself	to	bed.”
Shooter	takes	Celeste’s	arm	but	she	pulls	away	to	give	Karen	one	more	hug	and	a	kiss

on	 each	 cheek.	 This	 is	 an	 echo	 of	 how	 Karen	 kissed	 Celeste	 good	 night	 when	 she	 was
growing	up.	Does	Celeste	realize	this?	Yes,	she	must.	Karen	would	like	Celeste	to	come
upstairs,	tuck	her	in,	read	her	something,	even	if	it’s	just	an	article	from	the	issue	of	Town
and	Country	on	the	nightstand,	and	then	lie	with	her	until	she	falls	asleep,	just	as	Karen
used	to	do	with	Celeste.	But	she	will	not	be	a	burden.	She	will	allow—indeed,	encourage
—Celeste	to	pursue	her	new	life.
Bruce	turns	to	Karen.	“Let	me	just	walk	you	upstairs.”
“I’ll	 be	 fine,”	 Karen	 says.	 “Go	 find	 Tag	 now	 so	 you	 can	 come	 up	 to	 me	 sooner.	 I’d
prefer	that.”
Bruce	kisses	her	on	the	lips.	“Okay.	Just	one	drink,	though.”
Karen	takes	her	time	on	her	way	to	her	room	upstairs.	She	wants	to	experience	the	house
at	her	own	pace.	She	wants	to	touch	the	fabrics,	sit	in	the	chairs	to	judge	their	comfort;	she
wants	to	smell	the	flower	arrangements,	read	the	titles	of	the	books.	She	has	never	been	in
a	house	like	this,	one	where	every	piece	of	furniture	has	been	professionally	chosen	and
arranged,	 where	 the	 clocks	 tick	 in	 unison	 and	 the	 paintings	 and	 photographs	 are	 lit	 to
advantage.	The	other	homes	Karen	has	visited	in	her	lifetime	have	all	been	variations	of
her	own—corner	cabinets	to	display	the	wedding	china,	sectional	sofas,	afghans	crocheted
by	maiden	aunts.
Karen	 wanders	 into	 the	 formal	 living	 room	 and	 stops	 immediately	 at	 a	 black	 grand
piano.	 The	 top	 of	 the	 piano	 is	 down	 flat	 and	 it’s	 covered	 with	 framed	 photographs.	 The
frames	themselves	strike	Karen	initially—the	majority	look	like	real	silver	and	others	are
burled	wood—and	then	she	looks	at	the	photographs.	All	of	them	seem	to	have	been	taken
on	 Nantucket	 over	 the	 years.	 In	 the	 one	 that	 Karen	 studies	 first,	 Benji	 and	 Thomas	 are
teenagers.	They’re	standing	on	the	beach	in	front	of	this	house	with	Tag	and	Greer	behind
them.	Tag	looks	then	like	Benji	does	now—young	and	strong	with	a	wide	smile.	Greer’s
expression	 is	 inscrutable	 behind	 her	 sunglasses.	 She	 wears	 white	 capri	 pants	 with	 red
pompoms	dangling	from	the	hems.	That’s	a	playful	touch,	Karen	thinks.	In	her	next	life,
she	will	own	such	pants.
When	 she	 goes	 to	 pick	 up	 the	 next	 photo,	 she	 hears	 someone	 cough.	 Karen	 is	 so
surprised	she	nearly	throws	the	photograph	over	her	shoulder.	She	turns	to	see	a	woman
curled	up	in	one	of	the	curvy	modern	chairs,	like	an	egg	in	a	cup.	The	woman	is	so	still
that	Karen	would	guess	she’s	asleep	except	that	her	eyes	are	wide	open.	She	has	been	here
all	along,	watching	Karen.
“I’m	sorry,”	Karen	says.	“You	frightened	me.	I	didn’t	see	you.”
The	woman	blinks.	“Who	are	you,	then?”	she	asks.
“I’m	Karen	Otis,”	Karen	says.	“Celeste’s	mother.	The	bride’s	mother.”
“The	 bride’s	 mother,”	 the	 woman	 says.	 “Yes,	 that’s	 right.	 I	 noticed	 you	 earlier.	 Your
husband	gave	that	lovely	toast.”
“Thank	 you,”	 Karen	 says.	 She	 suddenly	 feels	 very	 weak.	 This	 woman	 has	 a	 British
accent;	 she	 must	 be	 a	 friend	 of	 Tag	 and	 Greer’s—nearly	 everyone	 here	 is.	 Karen

remembers	her	vow	to	shine.	“And	what’s	your	name?”
“Featherleigh,”	the	woman	says.	“Featherleigh	Dale.	I	live	in	London.”
“Very	 nice,”	 Karen	 says.	 She	 should	 excuse	 herself	 for	 bed	 but	 she	 doesn’t	 want	 to
appear	rude	to	this	Featherleigh.	Why	do	the	British	give	their	children	last	names	for	first
names?	Winston.	Neville.	And	Greer.	When	Karen	first	heard	Celeste	say	the	name	Greer,
Karen	 had	 thought	 it	 was	 a	 man.	 And	 this	 practice	 is	 catching	 on	 in	 America,	 she’s
noticed.	She	used	to	shake	her	head	in	wonder	at	the	children	who	would	come	through
the	 Crayola	 factory	 gift	 shop.	 Little	 girls	 named	 Sloane,	 Sterling,	 Brearley.	 Boys	 named
Millhouse,	Dearborne,	Acton.	And	what	about	Celeste’s	maid	of	honor,	Merritt?	Like	the
parkway,	Karen	heard	her	say,	though	Karen	has	no	idea	what	that	means.	“I	just	took	a
detour	 on	 my	 way	 to	 bed.	 But	 I	 should	 really	 excuse	 myself.	 It	 was	 nice	 to	 meet	 you,
Featherleigh.	I	suppose	I	shall	see	you	tomorrow.”
“Wait!”	 Featherleigh	 says.	 “Please,	 can	 you	 stay	 another	 couple	 of	 minutes?	 I’m	 too
drunk	to	get	back	to	my	inn	right	now.”
“Would	you	like	me	to	go	find	Greer?”	Karen	asks.	She’s	only	asking	to	be	polite.	The
mere	prospect	of	hunting	down	Greer	is	exhausting.
“No!”	Featherleigh	says.	“Not	Greer.”
Something	in	her	tone	catches	Karen’s	attention.
Featherleigh	 lowers	 her	 bare	 feet	 to	 the	 ground	 and	 leans	 forward.	 “Can	 you	 keep	 a
secret?”
Karen	nods	involuntarily.	She	can	keep	a	secret,	yes.	She	is	keeping	a	secret	from	her
husband	and	her	daughter,	the	secret	of	the	three	pearlescent	ovoid	pills,	the	secret	of	her
intentions,	 and	 that	 is	 surely	 a	 bigger	 secret	 than	 whatever	 this	 Featherleigh	 wants	 to
disclose.
Featherleigh	 says,	 “I’ve	 been	 involved	 with	 a	 married	 man.	 But	 he	 broke	 things	 off
with	me	in	May	and	I	can’t	seem	to	recover.”
“Oh	 dear,”	 Karen	 says.	 What	 she	 thinks	 is	 Serves	 you	 right!	 Karen	 cannot	 abide
adulterers.	She	doesn’t	like	to	judge	but	she	can	say	with	certainty	that	if	any	woman	had
pursued	 Bruce	 and	 managed	 to	 ensnare	 him	 in	 an	 affair,	 her	 life	 would	 have	 been
destroyed.	She	and	Bruce	are	lucky,	she	knows,	in	that	they’re	both	true	blue.	This	isn’t	to
say	that	Karen	has	never	felt	jealous.	Bruce	would	sometimes	talk	about	the	housewives
who	 came	 into	 his	 department	 looking	 to	 buy	 their	 husbands	 a	 suit,	 and	 Karen	 would
wonder	 what	 the	 women	 looked	 like	 and	 if	 they	 flirted	 with	 Bruce	 more	 than	 he	 let	 on.
There	 had	 been	 one	 period—right	 after	 Celeste	 left	 for	 college—when	 Bruce	 had	 come
home	from	work	singing	unfamiliar	country	music	songs	and	acting	strangely	distant,	and
Karen	thought	that	maybe…	maybe	he’d	met	someone	else.	She	finally	asked	him	about
it.	He	very	bluntly	said	that	he	was	just	upset	about	Celeste	being	away.	He	was	finding	it
more	 challenging	 than	 he	 expected.	 Karen	 admitted	 that	 she	 was	 taking	 it	 harder	 than
she’d	 expected	 too,	 and	 they	 ended	 up	 crying	 together	 and	 then	 making	 love	 in	 the
kitchen,	which	was	something	that	hadn’t	happened	since	Celeste	was	born.

“I	think	the	truth	might	interest	you,”	Featherleigh	says.	“Maybe,	maybe	not.”
Karen	can’t	stand	to	hear	it.	“Stop,”	she	says.	“Please,	just	stop.”	Karen	holds	her	hand
aloft,	as	though	she	can	swat	the	words	away.	She	backs	out	of	the	room.
The	 words	 swarm	 her	 as	 she	 climbs	 the	 stairs.	 I	 think	 the	 truth	 might	 interest	 you.	 I’ve
been	involved	with	a	married	man.	Karen	badly	needs	an	oxy	and	her	bed.	Why,	oh	why,
did	 that	 woman	 choose	 Karen	 to	 confess	 to?	 How	 could	 Featherleigh’s	 adulterous
relationship	possibly	matter	to	Karen?	She	knows	no	one	here!	Featherleigh	was	clearly
quite	drunk,	and	drunk	people,	in	Karen’s	experience,	love	nothing	more	than	to	confess.
Featherleigh	would	have	told	anyone.	It	serves	Karen	right	for	snooping	around.
When	Karen	finally	reaches	the	top	of	the	stairs,	she’s	disoriented.	Is	her	room	to	the
right	or	the	left?	She	steadies	herself	with	her	cane	and	thinks,	The	right.	When	she	turns
right,	it’s	the	last	door	on	the	left.	But	at	that	instant,	the	door	Karen	thinks	is	hers	opens
and	 Merritt	 “as	 in	 the	 parkway”	 steps	 out.	 Merritt	 is	 the	 same	 young	 woman	 Karen
thought	 of	 as	 the	 Scarlet	 Letter	 when	 she’d	 first	 arrived	 before	 she	 realized	 that	 it	 was
Merritt,	 Celeste’s	 maid	 of	 honor.	 Celeste	 adores	 Merritt,	 thinks	 she	 hung	 the	 moon,	 and
while	Karen	is	thrilled	that	Celeste	has	found	a	real	friend,	she	can’t	help	thinking	Merritt
is	a	little	fast.
Fast.	Now	Karen	sounds	like	her	own	mother,	or	even	her	grandmother.	Who	uses	the
word	fast	to	describe	a	woman?	No	one.	At	least,	not	in	the	past	forty	years.	Karen	is	sure
Merritt	must	be	very	nice,	otherwise	Celeste	would	not	be	so	fond	of	her.	Tonight,	Merritt
is	wearing	black.
“I…”	 Karen	 says.	 Now	 she	 is	 really	 and	 truly	 confused.	 This	 house	 has	 more	 rooms
than	a	hotel.	“I	think	I’ve	gotten	turned	around	somehow?	I	thought	that	was	my	room.”
“Oh,	 it	 is	 your	 room,	 Mrs.	 Otis,”	 Merritt	 says.	 “I	 was	 just	 looking	 for	 Celeste.	 You
don’t	know	where	she	is,	do	you?”
“Celeste?”	Karen	says.	“Why,	she	was	outside	when	last	I	saw	her.	She’s	planning	on
going	out	with	Benji.”
“Okay,”	Merritt	says.	She	seems	to	be	in	a	tremendous	hurry;	she	sidles	her	way	past
Karen	and	heads	down	the	stairs.	“Thank	you,	Mrs.	Otis.	Good	night.”
“Good	night,”	Karen	says.	She	stands	in	place,	staring	at	the	bedroom	door.	Looking
for	Celeste?	In	Bruce	and	Karen’s	room?	What	on	earth	for?	Why	not	look	for	Celeste	in
Celeste’s	room,	which	is	down	the	hall	on	the	left?	Clearly	that	Featherleigh	woman	has
written	 her	 filthy	 graffiti	 on	 the	 walls	 of	 Karen’s	 mind	 because	 all	 she	 can	 think	 is	 that
she’s	going	to	open	the	bedroom	door	and	find	Bruce	inside	and	then	she	will	have	to	ask
why	Merritt	and	Bruce	were	in	the	bedroom	alone	together.
Hadn’t	Merritt	been	flirting	with	Bruce	earlier	that	day?	Aren’t	you	hot?
Karen	turns	the	knob	and	swings	open	the	door.	The	room	is	dark	and	empty.
Karen	exhales.	She	props	her	cane	against	the	nightstand	and	sits	on	the	bed.	She	waits
for	her	heart	to	stop	racing.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	10:20	a.m.

Initial	questioning,	Greer	Garrison	Winbury,	Saturday,	July	7,	10:20	a.m.
After	Nick	finishes	writing	notes	from	his	interview	with	Abby,	he	pulls	on	a	pair	of	latex
gloves	and	enters	the	cottage	where	Merritt	Monaco	was	staying.	He	has	gotten	in	ahead
of	forensics,	which	is	how	he	prefers	it.
“Tell	me	a	story,”	he	whispers.	“What	happened?”
The	cottage	has	been	decorated	with	a	feminine	sensibility,	in	pastels	and	florals.	It’s
probably	 meant	 to	 evoke	 an	 English	 garden,	 though	 to	 Nick	 it	 feels	 cloying	 and
overwrought;	it’s	like	walking	into	a	Crabtree	and	Evelyn.
The	 living	 area	 appears	 untouched;	 Nick	 doesn’t	 see	 a	 thing	 out	 of	 place.	 He	 moves
into	the	bedroom,	where	the	air-conditioning	has	been	turned	up	so	high,	the	room	is	like	a
meat	 locker.	 Nick	 has	 to	 admit,	 it	 feels	 good,	 nearly	 delicious	 after	 the	 oppressive	 heat
outside.	The	bed	is	made,	and	Merritt’s	suitcase	is	open	on	the	luggage	rack	with	her	shoes
underneath.	Her	bridesmaid	dress—ivory	silk	with	black	embroidery—hangs	alone	in	the
closet.	Nick	enters	the	bathroom.	Merritt’s	cosmetics	are	lined	up	on	the	lower	glass	shelf
—she	is	clearly	a	fan	of	Bobbi	Brown—and	her	hairbrush	and	flat	iron	are	on	the	upper
glass	shelf.	Toothbrush	in	the	cup.
She	was	nice	and	neat,	Nick	thinks.
A	 quick	 check	 of	 Merritt’s	 cosmetic	 bag	 reveals	 eyeliners,	 mascaras,	 lipsticks,	 and
powder,	but	nothing	more.
Hmmpf,	 Nick	 thinks.	 He’s	 looking	 for	 something,	 but	 what?	 He’ll	 know	 it	 when	 he
sees	it.
On	the	dresser,	Nick	finds	an	open	clutch	purse	that	contains	a	driver’s	license,	a	gold
American	 Express	 card,	 seventy-seven	 dollars	 in	 cash,	 and	 an	 iPhone	 X.	 He	 studies	 the
license:	Merritt	Alison	Monaco,	116	Perry	Street,	New	York,	New	York.	She’s	a	beautiful
woman,	and	young;	she	just	turned	twenty-nine.	It’s	such	a	shame.
“I’m	going	to	do	right	by	you,”	Nick	says.	“Let’s	figure	this	out.”
He	 picks	 up	 the	 iPhone	 X	 and	 swipes	 across.	 To	 his	 enormous	 surprise,	 the	 phone
opens.	 Whaaaaa…	 He	 didn’t	 think	 there	 was	 a	 Millennial	 alive	 who	 left	 her	 phone
unsecured.	He	feels	almost	cheated.	Does	this	woman	have	nothing	to	hide?
He	scrolls	through	her	texts	first.	There	is	nothing	new	today,	and	yesterday	there’s	one
text	 from	 someone	 named	 Robbie	 wishing	 her	 a	 belated	 “Happy	 Day	 of	 American
Independence”;	he	hopes	she’s	well.	The	day	before	that,	Merritt	sent	a	text	to	someone
named	Jada	V.,	thanking	her	for	the	party.	Attached	is	a	photo	of	fireworks	over	the	Statue
of	Liberty.
The	 call	 log	 is	 ancient	 as	 well—by	 ancient,	 Nick	 means	 nothing	 within	 the	 past

twenty-four	hours.	Friday	morning	there	was	a	call	placed	to	a	212	number	but	when	Nick
calls	 that	 number	 from	 his	 own	 phone,	 he	 gets	 the	 switchboard	 for	 the	 Wildlife
Conservation	Society.	Merritt	had	probably	been	checking	in	at	work.
The	scant	offerings	on	Merritt’s	phone	lead	Nick	back	to	Abby’s	comment	that	Merritt
might	have	set	her	sights	on	someone	who	was	already	at	the	wedding.	She	wouldn’t	have
to	call	or	text	anyone	if	she	could	talk	to	him	in	person.
Nick	puts	the	clutch	purse	down	where	he	found	it	and	pokes	around	a	little	longer.	A
journal	left	lying	around	is	too	much	to	hope	for,	Nick	knows,	but	what	about	a	joint,	a
condom,	a	doodle	on	a	scrap	of	paper	with	the	name	of	the	person	she	was	involved	with?
She’s	too	attractive	for	there	not	to	have	been	someone.
He	finds	nothing.
The	mother	of	the	bride	is	still	in	her	bedroom,	and	the	bride	herself	still	at	the	hospital.
Nick	 finds	 Greer	 Garrison,	 mother	 of	 the	 groom,	 on	 her	 phone	 in	 the	 kitchen.	 She	 has
obviously	just	told	someone	the	awful	news	and	is	now	accepting	condolences.
“Celeste	is	devastated,”	she	says.	“I	can’t	imagine	her	agony.”	She	pauses.	“Well,	let’s
not	get	too	far	ahead	of	ourselves…	we’re	all	still	in	shock	and”—here,	Greer	raises	her
eyes	to	Nick—“the	police	are	trying	to	figure	out	what	happened.	I	believe	I’m	the	next	to
be	 interrogated,	 and	 so	 I	 really	 must	 hang	 up,	 I’m	 afraid.	 Love	 to	 Thebaud.”	 Greer
punches	off	her	phone.	“Can	I	help	you?”	she	asks	Nick.
She	looks	fairly	put-together,	considering	the	circumstances,	Nick	thinks.	She’s	dressed
in	white	pants	and	a	beige	tank;	there	is	a	gold	cross	on	a	thin	gold	chain	around	her	neck.
Her	hair	is	sleek;	she’s	wearing	lipstick.	Her	expression	is	guarded.	She	knows	her	task	is
about	to	be	interrupted	and	she	resents	it.
Nick	says,	“Ms.	Garrison,	I’m	Detective	Nick	Diamantopoulos	with	the	Massachusetts
State	Police.	I’ll	need	you	to	put	away	your	phone.”
“You’re	Greek?”	she	says,	tilting	her	head.	She’s	probably	trying	to	reconcile	the	name
with	his	black	skin.
He	 smiles.	 “My	 mother	 is	 Cape	 Verdean	 and	 my	 father	 is	 Greek.	 My	 paternal
grandparents	are	from	Thessaloníki.”
“I’m	trying	to	write	a	novel	set	in	Greece,”	she	says.	“Problem	is,	I	haven’t	been	there
in	so	long,	I	seem	to	have	lost	the	flavor	of	the	place.”
As	much	as	Nick	would	love	to	talk	about	the	Aegean	Sea,	ouzo,	and	grilled	octopus,
he	has	work	to	do.	“I	need	to	ask	you	some	questions,	ma’am.”
“I	don’t	think	you	understand	my	predicament	here,	Detective,”	she	says.	“This	is	my
wedding.”
“Your	wedding?”
“I	 planned	 it.	 I	 have	 people	 to	 call.	 All	 of	 the	 guests!	 People	 need	 to	 know	 what’s
happened.”

“I	 understand,”	 Nick	 says.	 “But	 to	 find	 out	 exactly	 what	 did	 happen,	 I	 require	 your
cooperation.	And	that	means	your	undivided	attention.”
“You	 do	 realize	 I	 have	 a	 houseful	 of	 people?”	 Greer	 says.	 “You	 do	 realize	 that
Celeste’s	 mother	 has	 terminal	 breast	 cancer?	 And	 that	 Celeste	 has	 been	 taken	 to	 the
hospital?	I’m	waiting	to	hear	from	Benji	about	how	she’s	doing.”
“I’ll	make	this	as	fast	as	possible,”	Nick	says.	He	tries	to	ignore	the	phone,	although	he
would	like	to	take	it	from	her.	“Would	you	please	come	with	me	to	the	living	room?”
Greer	stares	at	him	with	reproach.	“How	dare	you	order	me	around	in	my	own	house.”
“I’m	very	sorry	about	that,	ma’am.	Now,	please.”	He	walks	down	the	hall	and	hopes
she	follows	him.	He	hears	her	rustling	behind	him	so	he	stops	at	the	entrance	of	the	living
room	and	lets	her	walk	in	first.	He	closes	the	door	tightly	behind	them.
Greer	perches	on	the	edge	of	the	sofa,	leaning	forward	as	though	she	might	spring	to
her	feet	and	escape	at	any	moment.	Her	phone	is	in	her	lap,	buzzing	away.
“Can	you	please	tell	me	what	you	remember	after	the	rehearsal	dinner	ended?”	Nick
says.	“Who	went	where?”
“The	young	people	went	out,”	Greer	says.	“The	old	people	stayed	home.	The	exception
was	Abigail,	my	daughter-in-law.	She’s	pregnant.	She	stayed	home.”
“But	 both	 the	 bride	 and	 groom	 went	 out?	 Who	 else?”	 Nick	 pulls	 out	 his	 notepad.
“Merritt?	Did	she	go	out?”
“Do	 you	 know	 what	 I	 do	 for	 a	 living,	 Detective?”	 Greer	 asks.	 “I	 write	 murder
mysteries.	As	such,	I	am	intimately	familiar	with	procedure,	so	I	appreciate	that	you	have
to	ask	these	questions.	But	I	can	tell	you	exactly	what	happened	to	Merritt.”
“Can	you?”	Nick	says.	“Exactly?”
“Well,	not	exactly,”	Greer	says.	“But	the	gist	is	fairly	obvious,	is	it	not?	The	girl	drank
too	 much	 or	 she	 took	 pills	 and	 then	 she	 decided	 to	 go	 for	 a	 swim	 in	 her	 dress	 and	 she
drowned.”
“You’ll	agree,”	Nick	says,	“that	as	viable	as	that	explanation	might	be,	it	leaves	some
unanswered	questions.”
“Such	as?”
“I’ve	interviewed	one	witness	who	says	she’s	fairly	certain	that	Merritt	didn’t	go	out.
So	if	she	stayed	home,	where	and	what	was	she	drinking?	Did	anyone	see	her?	Did	anyone
talk	to	her?	I	just	walked	through	the	cottage	where	Ms.	Monaco	was	staying.	There	was
no	alcohol	in	the	cottage—no	bottles,	no	empties,	nothing.	And	no	pills,	no	prescription
bottles.	 As	 a	 fiction	 writer,	 you	 must	 know	 that	 it’s	 difficult,	 when	 one	 is	 drinking	and
popping	pills,	to	get	rid	of	all	incriminating	evidence.	Also,	Ms.	Monaco	had	quite	a	nasty
cut	on	her	foot.	How	did	that	happen?	When	did	that	happen?”
“Don’t	 look	 for	 drama	 where	 there	 is	 none,”	 Greer	 says.	 “There’s	 a	 term	 for	 that	 in
literature.	It’s	called	a	red	herring.	The	term	was	coined	in	the	early	1800s	by	hunters	who

would	throw	a	kipper	down	behind	their	trail	to	divert	the	wolves.”
Nick	 almost	 smiles.	 He	 wants	 to	 dislike	 her	 but	 there’s	 something	 about	 her	 he
admires.	He	has	never	met	a	published	author	before,	and	it’s	true—if	she	is	a	seasoned
mystery	writer,	she	might	be	able	to	help	them.	“That’s	good	to	know,”	he	says.	“Thank
you.”
“I	came	across	Merritt	at	the	end	of	the	rehearsal	dinner,”	Greer	says.	“She	was	hiding
in	the	laundry	room.	She	was	crying.”
“Crying?”	Nick	says.	He	remembers	that	Abby	also	said	Merritt	had	been	crying,	out
in	the	rose	garden.	“Did	she	tell	you	what	was	wrong?”
“She	did	not,”	Greer	says.	“And	I	didn’t	press;	it	wasn’t	my	place.	But	I	think	it	was
clear	she	was	feeling	left	out.	Her	best	friend	was	getting	married.	Celeste	was	the	center
of	 attention	 and	 Merritt	 was	 at	 the	 wedding	 alone.	 Maybe	 she	 was	 depressed.	 I	 have	 no
idea.	 But	 I	 can	 say	 that	 she	 was	 very	 upset,	 which	 only	 solidifies	 the	 argument	 that	 she
drank	 too	 much,	 maybe	 took	 some	 pills,	 and	 went	 for	 a	 swim.	 Maybe	 she	 drowned
accidentally	or	maybe	it	was	intentional.”
“Suicide?”	Nick	says.
“Is	 that	 impossible?”	 Greer	 asks.	 “It’s	 not	 something	 one	 likes	 to	 think	 about,	 of
course.	But…”
“Let’s	get	back	to	you,”	Nick	says.	“What	did	you	do	when	the	party	ended?	You	and
Mr.	Winbury	stayed	home,	is	that	right?”
“I	don’t	see	why	what	Tag	and	I	did	is	relevant,”	Greer	says.
“You’re	a	mystery	writer,”	Nick	says.	“So	you’re	familiar	with	the	term	alibi?”
Greer	raises	an	eyebrow	at	him.	“Touché,”	she	says.	“Yes.	My	husband	and	Mr.	Otis,
the	 bride’s	 father,	 had	 a	 drink	 in	 Tag’s	 study	 and	 then	 they	 must	 have	 gone	 outside	 to
smoke	a	cigar	because	when	Tag	came	to	bed,	he	smelled	like	smoke.”
“We	found	a	cigar	stubbed	out	on	a	table	under	the	tent.	One	cigar.	Would	you	guess
that	cigar	belonged	to	your	husband?”
“I	would	guess,”	Greer	says,	“but	I	couldn’t	be	sure.”
“What	kind	of	cigars	does	your	husband	smoke,	Ms.	Garrison?”
“He	 smokes	 Cuban	 cigars,”	 Greer	 says,	 “but	 more	 than	 one	 kind.	 Cohiba.	 Romeo	 y
Julieta.	 Montecristo.	 I	 hardly	 see	 how	 the	 cigar	 is	 relevant	 to	 what	 happened	 to	 Ms.
Monaco.”
“We	aren’t	sure	it	is	relevant,”	Nick	says.	“Right	now,	we’re	just	trying	to	figure	out
who	was	where	after	the	party	broke	up.	It	appears	a	handful	of	people	were	out	under	the
tent	 smoking	 and	 drinking,	 and	 we’re	 trying	 to	 identify	 who	 exactly	 was	 there.	 Did	 Mr.
Winbury	say	where	he’d	been	when	he	came	to	bed?”
“I	didn’t	ask	where	he’d	been	because	I	knew	where	he’d	been.	Here,	on	the	grounds.”

“What	time	did	Mr.	Winbury	come	to	bed?”
“I	have	no	earthly	idea.	I	was	asleep.”
“You	were	asleep	but	you	noticed	that	Mr.	Winbury	smelled	like	cigar	smoke?”
“That’s	correct,”	Greer	says.	“I	woke	up	just	enough	to	know	Tag	was	coming	to	bed
and	that	he	smelled	like	cigar	smoke	but	not	enough	to	bother	checking	the	time.”
“And	you	didn’t	wake	up	again	until	the	morning?”
“That’s	correct.	I	woke	up	on	my	own	at	half	past	five.”
“And,	Ms.	Garrison,	what	time	did	you	retire?	Did	you	go	to	bed	right	after	the	party
was	over?”
“No,	I	did	not.”
“What	did	you	do	after	the	party?	While	Mr.	Winbury	and	Mr.	Otis	were	in	the	study?”
“I	sat	down	at	my	computer.	I	was	writing.	I	have	a	deadline	looming.”
“I	see.	And	where	did	you	do	this	writing?”
“On	my	laptop,”	Greer	says.	“In	my	sitting	room.”
“And	does	that	desk	face	a	window?”
“Yes,	it	does.”
“Did	you	notice	any	activity	out	the	window?”
“I	did	not.”
Nick	 pauses.	 Is	 it	 likely	 she	 didn’t	 see	 anything	 out	 the	 window?	 No	 lights?	 No
shadows?
“And	what	time	did	you	finish	writing?”	he	asks.
“I	finished	at	eleven	fifteen,”	she	says.
“You’re	sure	about	that?”
“Yes,”	Greer	says.	“I	made	myself	stop	because	I	didn’t	want	to	be	tired	today.”
“So	after	you	finished	writing,	you	went	to	bed.	Say,	eleven	thirty?”
“Around	then,	yes.”
Something	 about	 Greer	 Garrison’s	 answers	 bothers	 him.	 They’re	 too	 neat,	 too	 crisp.
It’s	as	though	she	has	thought	them	through	in	advance.	Nick	takes	a	gamble.
“Would	you	bring	me	to	the	computer,	please,	Ms.	Garrison?”	he	asks.
“I	don’t	see	why	that’s	necessary.”
“I	would	like	to	see	it.”
“Well,	then,	I	shall	go	fetch	it	for	you.”

“No,	 you	 misunderstood	 me,”	 Nick	 says.	 “I	 would	 like	 you	 to	 bring	 me	 to	 the
computer.”
“That’s	an	unreasonable	request,”	Greer	says.
I’ve	got	her,	he	thinks.
“It’s	an	unreasonable	request	for	you	to	bring	me	to	the	computer	but	not	for	you	to
bring	the	computer	to	me?	Because	there’s	something	you	want	to	delete	or	hide	on	the
computer?”
“Not	at	all,”	Greer	says.
“Fine,	then	bring	me	to	the	computer.	Please,	Ms.	Garrison.”
She	stares	at	him	for	a	beat,	then	she	rises.
Nick	 follows	 Greer	 down	 the	 hall.	 They	 step	 through	 an	 arched	 doorway	 into	 an
anteroom—there’s	 a	 niche	 built	 into	 the	 wall	 that	 holds	 an	 enormous	 bouquet	 of
hydrangeas	and	lilies—and	Greer	opens	a	door.	There’s	a	sitting	room	with	a	sofa,	a	love
seat,	antique	tables,	and	a	desk	that	faces	out	a	window.	The	view	out	the	window	is	of	the
side	yard—of	a	fence	and	the	top	of	the	pool	house.	Through	a	connecting	door,	Nick	sees
the	master	bedroom.	There’s	a	king	bed	made	up	with	white	sheets	and	a	comforter	and	an
assortment	of	pillows,	all	of	them	neatly	arranged.	A	cashmere	blanket	embroidered	with
the	word	Summerland	is	draped	on	the	diagonal	across	the	corner	of	the	bed.	Nick	blinks.
Greer	found	the	time	to	make	her	bed	so	artfully	after	she	found	out	Merritt	was	dead—or
before?	But	at	that	moment,	a	woman	pops	out	of	the	master	bath	holding	a	bucket	and	a
roll	of	paper	towels.	The	housekeeper.
“You’ll	excuse	us,	please,	Elida?”	Greer	says.
Elida	nods	and	scurries	away.
“Does	Elida	live	here?”	Nick	asks.
“She	 does	 not,”	 Greer	 says.	 “She	 works	 seven	 to	 five.	 Today	 she	 came	 a	 bit	 earlier
because	of	the	wedding.”
Nick	follows	Greer	over	to	a	simple	mahogany	desk,	gleaming	as	though	just	polished.
On	the	desk	are	a	laptop,	a	legal	pad,	three	pens,	a	dictionary,	and	a	thesaurus.	There’s	a
Windsor	 chair	 at	 the	 desk	 and	 Nick	 takes	 a	 seat	 and	 turns	 his	 attention	 to	 the	 computer.
“So	this	here,	A	Slayer	in	Santorini,	is	the	piece	you	were	working	on	last	night?”
“Yes,”	Greer	says.
“It	says	you	closed	it	at	twelve	twenty-two	a.m.	But	you	told	me	eleven	fifteen.”
“I	 stopped	 writing	 at	 eleven	 fifteen.	 I	 closed	 the	 document	 at	 twelve	 twenty-two,
apparently.”
“But	you	said	you	went	right	to	bed.	You	said	you	went	to	bed	around	eleven	thirty.”
“I	did	go	to	bed,”	Greer	says.	“But	I	had	difficulty	falling	asleep,	so	I	had	a	drink.”
“Of	water?”

“No,	a	drink	drink.	I	had	a	glass	of	champagne.”
“So	 sometime	 between	 eleven	 fifteen	 and	 twelve	 twenty-two	 a.m.	 you	 went	 to	 the
kitchen	for	a	glass	of	champagne?”
“Yes.”
“And	did	you	notice	any	activity	then?”
Greer	pauses.	“I	did	not.”
“You	didn’t	see	anyone?”	Nick	says.
“Well,	on	my	way	back	to	my	room	I	saw	my	daughter-in-law,	Abby.	She	was	going	to
the	kitchen	for	water.”
“She	was?”
“Yes.”
“Why	didn’t	she	get	water	from	the	bathroom?”
“She	wanted	ice,	is	my	guess.	She’s	pregnant.	And	it	was	a	warm	night.”
“Did	you	and	Abby	have	a	conversation?”
“A	brief	one.”
“What	did	she	say	to	you?”
“She	said	she	was	waiting	for	Thomas	to	get	home.	He	had	gone	out	with	Benji	and	the
others.”
Ah,	 yes.	 Nick	 recalls	 that	 Abby	 was	 annoyed	 that	 Thomas	 had	 decided	 to	 go	 out.
“Anything	else?”
“Not	really,	no.”
“Did	you	see	anyone	else?”
“No.”
“And	 after	 you	 got	 your	 champagne,	 you	 returned	 to	 your	 bedroom	 to	 sleep?”	 Nick
asks.
“That’s	right.”
Nick	pauses	to	scribble	down	notes.	She	lied	to	him	ten	minutes	ago;	there’s	no	reason
to	believe	another	word	she	says.
“Let	 me	 switch	 gears	 here.	 We	 found	 a	 two-person	 kayak	 overturned	 on	 your	 beach.
Do	you	own	such	a	kayak?”
“It	belongs	to	my	husband,”	Greer	says.	She	cocks	her	head.	“It	was	left	overturned	on
the	beach,	you	say?”
“Yes.	Does	that	seem	odd	to	you?”
She	nods	slowly.	“A	bit.”

“And	why	is	that?”
“Tag	 is	 fanatical	 about	 his	 kayaks,”	 Greer	 says.	 “He	 doesn’t	 leave	 them	 just	 lying
about.”
“Is	it	possible	that	someone	else	used	the	kayak?”
“No,	he	keeps	them	locked	up.	If	the	two-person	kayak	was	left	out	then	he	must	have
taken	someone	out	on	the	water.	If	he	were	going	out	alone,	he	would	have	taken	his	oneperson	kayak.”
“Any	idea	who	he	might	have	taken	out?”
Greer	 shakes	 her	 head.	 She	 looks	 far	 less	 confident	 than	 she	 did	 a	 moment	 ago,	 and
Nick	feels	her	losing	her	grip	on	the	explanation	she	had	so	neatly	written	in	her	mind.
“I	suppose	you’ll	have	to	ask	my	husband	that,”	she	says.

Wednesday,	May	30–Tuesday,	June	19,	2018

TAG

He	 takes	 Merritt’s	 number	 but	 makes	 no	 plans	 to	 see	 her	 again.	 It’s	 a	 one-and-done,	 a
weekend	fling,	which	is	how	he	likes	to	keep	things	with	other	women.	There	have	been
half	 a	 dozen	 or	 so	 over	 the	 course	 of	 his	 marriage,	 one-or	 two-night	 stands,	 women	 he
never	 sees	 or	 thinks	 of	 again.	 His	 behavior	 has	 nothing	 to	 do	 with	 how	 he	 feels	 about
Greer.	Or	maybe	it	does.	Maybe	it’s	an	assertion	of	power,	of	defiance.	Greer	entered	the
marriage	with	more	money	and	higher	social	standing.	Tag	has	always	felt	a	touch	inferior.
The	prowling	around	is	how	he	balances	the	scales.
When	he	gets	back	to	New	York,	two	things	happen.	One	is	that	Sergio	Ramone	calls.
Tag	 considers	 letting	 the	 call	 go	 to	 voice	 mail.	 He	 fears	 that	 Sergio	 has	 learned	 that	 he
took	Merritt	to	the	wine	dinner	and	he’s	calling	to	express	his	disapproval.	But	then	Tag
reminds	himself	that	taking	Merritt	to	the	dinner	was	done	with	Greer’s	blessing.
“Hello,”	Tag	says.	“Sergio,	how	are	you?”
It	turns	out	that	Sergio	is	calling	for	a	very	different	reason.	His	contact	at	Skadden,
Arps	has	told	Sergio	that	there’s	grumbling	within	the	litigation	department	about	Thomas
Winbury.	He	isn’t	pulling	his	weight,	apparently.	He	takes	long	lunches	and	unscheduled
vacation	days.	He	often	leaves	work	at	five	o’clock	when	other	associates	stay	until	nine
or	 ten	 at	 night.	 At	 his	 last	 review,	 he	 was	 given	 a	 warning,	 but	 he’s	 shown	 no
improvement.	There’s	talk	of	letting	him	go.
Tag	sighs.	Thomas	has	always	put	in	just	enough	work	to	get	by.	Abby’s	family	is	so
wealthy	that	Tag	suspects	Thomas	wants	to	get	fired.	He’ll	work	for	Mr.	Freeman	in	the
oil	business.	He’ll	move	to	Texas,	which	will	break	Greer’s	heart.
“Thanks	for	the	heads-up,	Sergio,”	Tag	says.	“I’ll	have	a	talk	with	him.”	He	hangs	up
before	Sergio	can	ask	him	how	the	wine	dinner	was	and	then	he	swears	at	the	ceiling.
A	few	nights	later,	Thomas	and	Abby	come	for	dinner	at	Tag	and	Greer’s	apartment.
Greer	 has	 made	 a	 leg	 of	 lamb	 and	 the	 apartment	 is	 redolent	 with	 the	 smell	 of	 roasting
meat,	 garlic,	 and	 rosemary,	 but	 as	 soon	 as	 Abby	 enters	 the	 apartment,	 she	 covers	 her
mouth	with	her	hand	and	bolts	for	the	bathroom.
Thomas	shakes	his	head.	“I	guess	she’s	gone	and	ruined	the	surprise,”	he	says.	“We’re
pregnant	again.”
Greer	 reaches	 out	 for	 Thomas,	 but	 they	 all	 know	 to	 limit	 their	 reaction	 to	 cautious
optimism.
Tag	shakes	Thomas’s	hand,	then	pulls	him	in	for	a	hug	and	says,	“You’ll	make	one	hell
of	a	father.”	No	sooner	are	the	words	out	of	his	mouth	than	Tag	doubts	their	veracity.	Will
Thomas	 make	 a	 hell	 of	 a	 father?	 He	 needs	 to	 buckle	 down	 at	 work,	 start	 setting	 an

example.	Tag	nearly	brings	Thomas	into	his	study	to	tell	him	as	much,	but	he	decides,	in
the	end,	to	let	the	occasion	be	a	happy	one,	or	as	happy	as	it	can	be	with	a	woefully	sick
Abby.	He’ll	talk	to	Thomas	another	time.
That	 night,	 Tag	 can’t	 sleep.	 He	 slips	 from	 bed	 and	 goes	 into	 his	 study.	 His	 three	 home
studies—the	 one	 in	 New	 York,	 the	 one	 in	 London,	 and	 the	 one	 on	 Nantucket—are
sanctuaries	 dedicated	 to	 Tag’s	 privacy.	 No	 one	 enters	 without	 permission	 except	 the
cleaning	ladies.
Tag	takes	out	his	phone	and	scrolls	for	Merritt’s	number.
She	answers	on	the	third	ring.	“Hey,	Tag.”
Her	voice	brings	it	all	back.	There	is	noise	in	the	background,	voices,	music—she’s	out
somewhere.	 It’s	 two	 o’clock	 in	 the	 morning	 on	 a	 Wednesday	 night.	 Tag	 should	 not	 be
pursuing	this.
“Hey	yourself,”	he	says.	“I	hope	I	didn’t	wake	you.”
She	 laughs.	 “I’m	 downtown	 at	 this	 speakeasy	 thing.	 It	 looks	 like	 a	 laundromat	 but
there’s	a	secret	door,	a	code	word,	and	voilà,	you	enter	the	underworld.	Do	you	want	to
come	join	me?	I’ll	tell	you	how	to	get	in.”
“No,	thank	you,”	Tag	says.	“I	just	called	to	tell	you	your	instincts	were	correct.	Abby	is
pregnant.	She	and	Thomas	told	us	tonight	at	dinner.”
“Who?”	Merritt	says.
“Abby.	 Abby,	 my	 daughter-in-law.	 She	 was	 with	 you	 during	 Celeste’s	 bachelorette
weekend.	You	said—”
“Oh,	that’s	right,”	Merritt	says.	“Abby.	Yeah,	I’m	not	surprised.”
Tag	feels	like	a	fool.	He	should	hang	up.	He’s	going	to	see	Merritt	in	a	few	weeks	at
the	wedding	and	it	would	be	best	if	their	dalliance	were	a	thing	of	the	past.	But	there	is
something	about	this	girl.	He	can’t	leave	it	alone.
“Where	did	you	say	your	apartment	is?”	he	asks.	“I	think	I’ve	forgotten.”
Tag	sees	Merritt	the	next	day	after	work,	and	the	day	after	that,	and	on	Saturday	he	tells
Greer	he’s	going	to	run	in	Central	Park	but	instead	he	goes	to	Merritt’s	apartment.	After
sex,	they	walk	down	the	street	to	a	really	good	sandwich	place	and	order	lunch	and	sit	side
by	side	and	talk	and	laugh—and	in	the	middle	of	it,	Tag	realizes	that	he	is	losing	control	of
the	situation.	What	is	he	doing?	Anyone	might	see	him	here	with	this	girl.
He	walks	Merritt	back	to	her	apartment	and	she	pulls	him	in	by	the	front	of	the	shirt.
She	wants	him	to	come	inside.	And	he	wants	to,	oh,	does	he	want	to.	He	agrees,	but	just
for	a	minute,	he	says.
She	 has	 turned	 him	 into	 a	 teenager	 again.	 His	 desire	 is	 so	 intense,	 so	 relentless,	 it
frightens	him.	He	can’t	remember	wanting	anyone	or	anything	as	much	as	he	wants	this
girl.	His	feelings	for	Greer	seem	almost	quaint	by	comparison.

Merritt	is	twenty-eight	years	old,	nearly	twenty-nine.	She	has	a	lukewarm	relationship
with	her	brother	and	she	doesn’t	speak	to	her	parents	at	all.	This,	Tag	can’t	understand.
“What	do	you	do	on	Thanksgiving?”	he	asks.	“Christmas?”
She	shrugs.	“Last	year,	Thanksgiving	was	Chinese	food	and	a	movie.	On	Christmas,	I
flew	to	Tulum	for	a	yoga	retreat.”
Tag	senses	a	hole	inside	of	Merritt,	an	emotional	hole,	which	he	knows	is	very,	very
dangerous.	He	needs	to	end	this	thing	now,	while	there	is	still	time	to	recover	before	the
wedding.	 But	 the	 attraction	 grows	 stronger.	 Soon,	 he	 thinks	 only	 of	 Merritt—when	 he’s
working,	 when	 he’s	 exercising,	 when	 he	 and	 Greer	 are	 eating	 dinner	 at	 Rosa	 Mexicano.
Greer	 is	 consumed	 with	 finishing	 her	 novel	 and	 planning	 Benji’s	 wedding.	 She	 is	 so
focused	on	these	two	projects	that	she	doesn’t	notice	any	change	in	Tag.	She	doesn’t	see
him,	 she	 doesn’t	 hear	 him,	 and	 sex	 is	 out	 of	 the	 question.	 She	 jokes	 that	 they’ll	 have	 a
second	honeymoon	once	Benji	and	Celeste	are	on	their	first	honeymoon.	But	Tag	knows
that	 once	 the	 wedding	 is	 over,	 Greer	 will	 collapse,	 exhausted,	 or	 she’ll	 go	 into	 a	 funk
because	there’s	nothing	left	to	look	forward	to.
He	schedules	a	drinks	meeting	with	clients	at	the	bar	at	the	Whitby	Hotel	and	he	asks
Merritt	to	go	sit	at	this	bar	without	letting	on	that	she	knows	him.	She	does	exactly	as	he
asks,	 wearing	 a	 slinky	 black	 dress	 and	 five-inch	 stilettos,	 and	 Tag	 excuses	 himself	 from
his	 clients	 for	 a	 moment.	 He	 follows	 Merritt	 into	 the	 ladies’	 room,	 where	 they	 lock	 the
door	 and	 have	 shockingly	 hot	 sex.	 When	 Tag	 walks	 out,	 he	 is	 so	 intoxicated	 he	 doesn’t
care	who	sees	him.
Later,	he	chastises	himself	for	being	reckless.	He	asks	himself	what	he’s	doing.
She	is	given	tickets	to	see	Billy	Joel	at	Madison	Square	Garden.	Will	he	go	with	her?
“I	can’t,”	he	says.	“It’s	too	risky.”
“Please,”	she	says.	“They’re	second-row	seats.”
“That’s	the	problem,”	he	says.	“If	they	were	nosebleed	seats,	I	wouldn’t	worry	about
seeing	anyone	I	know.”
“Fine,	then,”	she	says.	“I’ll	take	Robbie.”
“Who’s	Robbie?”
“My	on-again,	off-again,”	Merritt	says.	“He’s	the	daytime	bartender	at	the	Breslin.”
Tag	 is	 addled	 by	 news	 of	 Robbie’s	 existence,	 although	 what	 did	 he	 expect?	 Naturally,
there’s	 a	 Robbie.	 He	 wouldn’t	 be	 surprised	 if	 there	 were	 half	 a	 dozen	 Robbies.	 The
thought	is	so	dispiriting	that	the	next	day	finds	Tag	at	the	bar	of	the	Breslin	at	lunchtime,
ordering	the	rabbit	terrine	and	a	scotch	egg—at	least	it’s	a	good	place—from	a	big	Irish
hunk.	 Robbie.	 He	 has	 six	 inches	 and	 forty	 pounds	 on	 Tag,	 plus	 he’s	 twenty-five	 years
younger.	 This	 is	 who	 Merritt	 should	 be	 dating.	 Not	 only	 is	 Robbie	 a	 bartender,	 he’s	 an
aspiring	 actor—and	 idle	 chitchat	 reveals	 that	 he’s	 just	 been	 cast	 in	 a	 pilot.	 Tag	 hates
Robbie	with	a	bloodred	passion;	he	leaves	him	an	absurdly	large	tip.

The	night	of	the	concert,	Tag	is	agitated.	He	imagines	Robbie	putting	his	shovel-size
hands	on	Merritt’s	waist	and	swaying	to	the	music	behind	her.	He’s	so	unsettled	by	this
vision	that	he	tells	Greer	he	isn’t	hungry	for	dinner;	he	might	have	a	sandwich	in	his	study
later.
He	sends	Merritt	a	text:	Let	me	know	when	the	concert	is	over.	I’ll	meet	you	at
your	place.
Twenty	fraught	minutes	later,	he	receives	a	text	back:	K.
K.	Has	there	ever	been	a	less	satisfying	response	in	the	short	history	of	texting?	Tag
thinks	not.
Eleven	o’clock	comes	and	goes,	eleven	thirty.	Tag	succumbs	to	his	hunger	and	heads	to
the	kitchen	for	a	ham	sandwich.	He	sees	a	light	on	in	their	bedroom.	He	opens	the	door	to
find	Greer	wearing	her	tailored	blue	pajamas.	Her	hair	is	in	a	bun	held	up	with	a	pencil
and	her	reading	glasses	are	perched	on	the	end	of	her	nose.	There’s	a	glass	of	chardonnay
to	the	right	of	her	laptop.	She’s	in	the	middle	of	a	scene,	he	can	tell,	but	she	looks	up	and
smiles.
“Shall	we	go	to	bed,	then?”	she	asks.
Yes,	Tag	thinks.	Say	yes.	Look	how	elegant	his	wife	is,	how	productive,	how	ingenious.
She’s	absolutely	everything	he	could	ever	want	in	a	woman.
“I	need	to	keep	going,”	Tag	says.	“Ernie	and	I	are	putting	that	Libya	deal	together.	It’s
going	to	be	huge.	He’ll	be	at	the	office	first	thing	in	the	morning	and	I	have	to	have	the
numbers	waiting	for	him.”
Greer	shuts	off	her	computer.	“Well,	I’m	calling	it	a	night.”	She	raises	her	face	for	a
kiss.	“Don’t	stay	up	too	late.”
“You	know	I	won’t,”	Tag	says.	“Love	you,	darling.”
He	waits	until	twelve	thirty	and	when	there	is	still	no	text	from	Merritt,	he	sneaks	out	of
the	apartment,	hails	a	taxi,	and	goes	down	to	Perry	Street.	He	stands	outside	her	building
and	buzzes	her	apartment,	but	there’s	no	answer.
Then	 he	 hears	 her	 laugh.	 He	 looks	 down	 the	 street	 to	 spy	 Merritt	 and	 Robbie	 on
approach.	They	are	walking	close	together	but	not	touching.	Tag	tries	to	hurry	down	the
steps	of	the	building	before	she	sees	him…	but	it’s	too	late.
“Tag?”	she	says.
He’s	caught.	It’s	nearly	one	in	the	morning;	there	is	no	way	to	play	this	off	as	casual.
He’s	a	worldly,	successful	man	standing	in	front	of	a	girl’s	apartment	building	like	some
schlub	in	a	rom-com;	if	Greer	could	see	him	now,	she	would	find	him	so	absurd	she	might
even	 laugh.	 But	 the	 sight	 of	 Merritt	 sends	 a	 surge	 of	 adrenaline	 through	 Tag.	 He	 feels
enough	 passion	 to	 kick	 Robbie	 the	 lickspittle	 to	 the	 curb	 despite	 his	 size	 advantage	 and
then	 carry	 Merritt	 up	 the	 stairs	 over	 his	 shoulder.	 She’s	 wearing	 a	 white	 crocheted
sundress	 and	 dangling	 earrings	 and	 her	 hair	 is	 up.	 She’s	 as	 fetching	 as	 any	 woman	 he’s
ever	seen.

“I	need	to	talk	to	you,”	he	says.
“Okay,”	Merritt	says.	She	looks	up	at	Robbie.	“Robbie,	this	is	Tag.	Tag,	Robbie.”
Tag	 extends	 a	 hand	 automatically.	 Robbie	 says,	 “Weren’t	 you	 in	 for	 lunch	 the	 other
day?	At	the	Breslin?”
Tag	shouldn’t	have	left	such	a	big	tip.	It	would	have	been	impossible	to	forget.
“Were	you?”	Merritt	says.	She	looks	amused.	She	now	understands	the	power	she	has
over	him.	He	has	made	such	a	mess	of	things,	he	thinks.	He	should	have	just	gone	to	the
concert.
Merritt’s	birthday	is	June	18.	She	wants	to	do	something	special.	She	wants	to	go	away
with	 Tag.	 Tag	 considers	 this	 request.	 Where	 would	 they	 go?	 To	 Paris?	 Rome?	 Istanbul?
Los	 Angeles?	 Rio	 de	 Janeiro?	 He	 does	 some	 research	 on	 Istanbul	 but	 decides	 flying
overseas	is	impractical	and	risky,	even	if	they	do	so	separately.	He	books	a	hotel	room	in
New	York	instead,	at	the	Four	Seasons	downtown.	He	worries	a	bit	because	before	he	and
Greer	 moved	 to	 New	 York,	 they	 used	 to	 stay	 at	 the	 Four	 Seasons	 in	 midtown,	 and	 they
like	to	stay	at	Four	Seasons	when	they	travel.	But	it’s	a	brand	he	trusts	and	it’s	only	one
night	and	the	hotel	is	all	the	way	down	by	the	Freedom	Tower,	which	isn’t	a	neighborhood
that	anyone	he	knows	frequents	after	five	o’clock.
The	weekend	before	Merritt’s	birthday,	Tag	and	Greer	are	on	Nantucket.	Greer	has	a
three-hour	 meeting	 with	 Roger	 Pelton,	 the	 wedding	 planner.	 Tag	 goes	 for	 a	 ride	 in	 the
kayak,	then	he	drives	into	town	to	get	lunch—he	loves	the	soft-shell	crab	sandwich	from
Straight	Wharf	Fish—and	while	he’s	at	it,	he	decides	to	buy	Merritt	a	present.	He	has	been
trained	 by	 Greer	 to	 understand	 that	 the	 only	 acceptable	 present	 for	 a	 birthday	 or
anniversary	 is	 jewelry.	 He	 walks	 into	 the	 Jessica	 Hicks	 boutique	 thinking	 he	 will	 get
earrings	 or	 a	 choker,	 but	 when	 he	 describes	 the	 young	 woman	 he’s	 buying	 for—he
pretends	 the	 gift	 is	 for	 his	 daughter-in-law,	 Abby,	 who	 is	 pregnant	 with	 their	 first
grandchild—Jessica	 shows	 him	 the	 silver	 ring	 with	 the	 lace	 pattern	 embedded	 with	 the
multicolored	sapphires.
“It’s	meant	to	be	worn	on	the	thumb,”	Jessica	says.
“The	thumb?”	Tag	says.
“Trust	me,”	Jessica	says.	“It’s	a	thing.”
Tag	buys	the	thumb	ring	and	leaves	the	store	feeling	a	sense	of	giddy	anticipation.	The
ring	is	beautiful;	Merritt	will	love	it,	he’s	certain.
His	happiness	is	a	thing.
On	 the	 eighteenth,	 Tag	 gets	 to	 the	 hotel	 early.	 He	 has	 had	 a	 bouquet	 of	 expensive	 roses
delivered	to	the	room	as	well	as	champagne.	He	sets	the	box	from	Jessica	Hicks	between
the	flowers	and	the	ice	bucket.	Everything	is	as	it	should	be,	but	he	can’t	relax.	Something
about	 this	 scenario	 makes	 him	 feel	 like	 a	 run-of-the-mill	 cheat.	 He’s	 a	 stereotype,	 a
middle-aged	 man	 sleeping	 with	 one	 of	 his	 daughter-in-law’s	 friends	 because	 his	 wife	 is
busy	and	distracted	and	he	needs	to	boost	his	self-esteem.

He	waits	in	the	room	for	Merritt	to	arrive	but	she	texts	to	say	she’s	at	the	salon	getting
a	bikini	wax	and	she’ll	be	late.	He’s	a	bit	turned	off	by	her	frankness.	Is	it	necessary	to	tell
him	she’s	getting	waxed?	It	feels	inelegant.
He	decides	to	go	down	to	the	bar	for	a	drink.	A	real	drink.
As	soon	as	he	walks	into	the	bar,	he	locks	eyes	with	a	man,	then	he	realizes	with	horror
that	the	man	is	his	son	Thomas.	Before	Tag	can	think	better	of	it,	he	ducks	behind	a	pole.
He	 waits	 a	 few	 seconds,	 not	 breathing,	 his	 heart	 skidding	 to	 a	 near	 stop	 as	 he	 waits	 for
Thomas	to	confront	him	and	ask	what	he’s	doing	there.	What	should	Tag	say?	Meeting	a
client	for	drinks,	of	course,	and	then	when	the	client	doesn’t	materialize,	Tag	can	pretend
to	be	annoyed	and	skip	out	to	make	a	phone	call.
He	waits.	Nothing	happens.	Tag	saw	Thomas,	but	is	it	possible	that	Thomas	didn’t	see
Tag	or	saw	him	but	somehow	didn’t	register	the	face	as	that	of	his	father?
Enough	 time	 passes	 that	 Tag	 decides	 to	 take	 action.	 He	 peers	 around	 the	 column.
Thomas	is	staring	into	his	highball	glass.	He	looks	miserable.	As	much	as	Tag	realizes	the
urgency	of	him	leaving	the	bar	while	he	can,	he’s	arrested	by	his	elder	son’s	demeanor.	He
thinks	back	to	the	phone	call	from	Sergio.	Thomas	is	leaving	work	early;	Thomas	is	taking
unscheduled	vacations.	And	now	here	he	is	having	a	drink	at	a	hotel	bar	at	the	far	tip	of
Manhattan,	 which	 isn’t	 anywhere	 close	 to	 his	 office.	 Tag	 wants	 to	 sit	 down	 next	 to
Thomas	and	ask	him	what’s	going	on.
Maybe	he’s	been	fired?
Maybe	Abby	lost	the	baby?
If	 it’s	 either	 of	 those,	 Tag	 will	 find	 out	 soon	 enough.	 He	 needs	 to	 get	 out	 of	 the	 bar
undetected.	He	turns	and	hurries	out,	hoping	Thomas	won’t	recognize	him	from	behind.
He	goes	back	up	to	the	room	for	his	bag	and	texts	Merritt.
Something	 came	 up.	 Room	 1011	 is	 yours	 for	 the	 night.	 There’s	 champagne
and	 a	 little	 gift	 for	 you.	 But	 I	 have	 to	 take	 a	 raincheck.	 Sorry	 about	 that.	 Happy
birthday,	Parkway.
Tag	takes	a	taxi	back	uptown	and	walks	into	his	apartment	to	find	Greer	in	her	yoga
clothes,	 folded	 over	 in	 child’s	 pose	 on	 the	 living-room	 rug.	 She	 looks	 up	 and	 beams.
“You’re	home!”	she	says.
And	just	like	that,	the	spell	is	broken.	Tag	is	finished	fooling	around.	He	is	back	to	being	a
dutiful	husband,	a	steadfast	father,	and	an	expectant	grandfather.	Merritt	calls	in	tears;	she
leaves	messages,	sends	texts.	She	calls	him	a	bastard,	she	tells	him	to	stick	a	fork	in	his
eye,	only	that’s	not	how	she	phrases	it.
She	calls	Tag’s	office	and	speaks	to	Miss	Hillery,	Tag’s	very	proper,	very	British	secretary,
who	is	so	devoted	to	Tag	that	she	followed	him	over	from	London.
“A	Ms.	Parkway	called?”	Miss	Hillery	says,	handing	Tag	the	message	slip.	“She	said
it’s	urgent.”
“Thank	you,	Miss	Hillery,”	Tag	says	with	what	he	hopes	is	a	carefree	smile.	He	closes

the	door	to	his	office	and	collapses	at	his	desk.	Merritt	calling	him	at	the	office	is	one	step
away	 from	 Merritt	 calling	 the	 apartment	 or—because	 Tag	 knows	 Celeste	 might	 naively
give	Merritt	the	number—calling	Greer’s	cell	phone.
Well,	she’s	going	to	get	what	she	wants.	Tag	calls	Merritt	back.
“Tag?”	she	says.
“What	on	God’s	green	earth	are	you	doing?”	he	asks.	“You	can’t	call	me	here.”
“I’m	pregnant,”	she	says.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:00	p.m.

NANTUCKET

By	midmorning,	the	entire	island	is	buzzing	with	news	of	the	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor.
Marty	Szczerba	calls	his	daughter,	Laura	Rae,	initially	just	to	hear	the	sound	of	her	voice
and	to	reassure	himself	that	she	is	okay,	but	then	he	asks	about	Adi	Conover—is	she	okay?
—and	 Laura	 Rae	 says,	 “Yes,	 Dad,	 obviously.	 What’s	 wrong	 with	 you?”	 Marty	 ends	 up
spilling	the	whole	story,	or	what	he	knows	of	it.	Laura	Rae	tells	her	fiancé,	Ty,	who	works
for	 Toscana	 Excavating	 and	 who	 is	 as	 tight-lipped	 as	 they	 come.	 But	 Ty	 swings	 by	 his
mother’s	 house	 for	 a	 second	 breakfast	 and	 he	 tells	 her	 the	 story.	 Carla,	 Ty’s	 mother,
volunteers	 at	 the	 Hospital	 Thrift	 Shop	 Saturdays	 at	 noon	 and	 she	 proceeds	 to	 tell	 every
single	person	who	walks	in	the	door.
Finn	MacAvoy	gets	a	text	from	his	girlfriend,	Lola	Budd,	saying	I	caught	a	murder
suspect!	Finn	is	at	Cisco	Beach	giving	surfing	lessons	to	a	group	of	overprivileged	eightyear-olds	who	all	want	to	be	John	John	Florence.	Finn	casually	flings	out	the	content	of
Lola’s	text.	“My	girlfriend	caught	a	murder	suspect,”	he	says.
The	 next	 thing	 Finn	 knows,	 he	 is	 surrounded	 by	 the	 young	 surfers’	 mothers,	 and
they’re	all	talking	about	someone	called	the	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor	and	they	ask	Finn	if
the	police	had	caught	the	guy	and	who	it	was	and	Finn	is	sorry	he	ever	opened	his	mouth.
Finn’s	 twin	 sister,	 Chloe	 MacAvoy,	 has	 taken	 to	 her	 bed	 despite	 the	 fact	 that	 it’s	 a	 hot,
sunny	 summer	 Saturday	 and	 work	 that	 day	 has	 been	 canceled.	 Work	 has	 been	 canceled
because	Merritt	Monaco,	the	maid	of	honor	in	the	Otis-Winbury	wedding,	is	dead.	Roger
Pelton	found	her	floating	just	off	the	beach	earlier	that	morning.
Siobhan	had	called	to	tell	Chloe	about	the	death	herself	instead	of	having	Donna,	the
waitstaff	manager,	do	it	because	Siobhan	is	that	kind	of	owner.	She	takes	responsibility	for
her	employees.
“Chloe,”	 she	 said.	 “The	 wedding	 has	 been	 canceled.	 Merritt	 Monaco,	 the	 maid	 of
honor,	passed	away	overnight.”
“Passed	away?”
“She	died,	Chloe,”	Siobhan	said.	“She’s	dead.	She	drowned	out	in	front	of	the	house
last	night.”
“But…”	Chloe	said.
“That’s	all	we	know	for	now,”	Siobhan	said.	“The	police	are	working	on	it.”
The	police?	 Chloe	 thought.	 She	 had	 seen	 Uncle	 Ed	 out	 on	 the	 deck	 on	 his	 phone	 a
short	while	earlier,	but	Uncle	Ed	was	always	on	the	phone.
Chloe	had	hung	up	with	Siobhan	and	closed	her	eyes.	Chloe	had	been	kept	far	away

from	death	since	she	was	seven	years	old,	when	Uncle	Ed	and	Auntie	came	to	tell	her	and
Finn	that	their	parents	were	dead.	Both	of	them	at	once,	killed	in	a	sailing	accident.	Chloe
hadn’t	really	gotten	it	then;	she	had	been	too	young.	What	did	she	know	of	death	at	age
seven?	Not	one	thing.	Her	parents’	death	has	gotten	much	worse	for	Chloe	as	she’s	grown
older.	Now	she	knows	what	she’s	missing.	She	has	no	father	to	treat	her	like	a	princess;
she	 has	 no	 mother	 to	 rebel	 against.	 She	 does	 have	 Uncle	 Ed	 and	 Auntie	 and	 they	 are
strong,	reliable,	capable	caregivers…	but	they	aren’t	her	parents.	Whenever	Chloe	thinks
about	her	father	playing	“Please	Come	to	Boston”	on	his	guitar	or	her	mother	painting	a
rose	on	Chloe’s	cheek,	she	feels	unbearably	sad.
She	texted	Blake,	a	girl	who	worked	with	her,	Merritt,	the	maid	of	honor,	is	dead.
Blake	texted	back,	I	know.	I	heard	there	was	a	lot	of	blood.
Chloe	 ran	 to	 the	 bathroom	 to	 throw	 up.	 After	 the	 rehearsal	 dinner	 the	 night	 before,
Chloe	had	a	few	beers	with	Blake	and	Geraldo.	Geraldo	is	twenty-four	years	old,	from	El
Salvador,	and	he	always	provides	Chloe	and	Blake	with	postshift	alcohol.
Uncle	Ed	had	knocked	on	the	door.	“You	okay	in	there?”
“Fine,”	Chloe	said.	She	wanted	to	ask	Uncle	Ed	about	Merritt	but	she	couldn’t	handle
the	conversation	right	that	second.	She	cursed	Geraldo.
Now,	back	in	bed,	Chloe	revisits	the	events	of	the	party.	Most	jobs	go	the	same	way.	Chloe
and	her	co-workers	show	up	early	in	their	immaculate	black	pants	and	crisp	white	shirts,
showered,	 fresh-faced,	 ready	 to	 serve.	 Because	 she	 is	 only	 sixteen,	 Chloe	 can’t	 serve
alcohol,	 although	 this	 rule	 gets	 bent	 all	 the	 time.	 Nearly	 the	 first	 thing	 that	 happened	 at
this	rehearsal	dinner	was	that	Greer	Garrison,	the	mother	of	the	groom,	asked	Chloe	for	a
refill	of	champagne.	Chloe	told	Ian,	the	bartender,	that	he	needed	to	serve	Ms.	Garrison
but	Ian	was	three-deep	and	he	told	Chloe	to	find	Geraldo.	But	Geraldo	wasn’t	around	and
Greer	Garrison	sang	out	for	a	refill	again	with	a	pointed	look	at	Chloe,	so	Chloe	grabbed
the	Veuve	Clicquot	from	the	cooler	and	discreetly	filled	Ms.	Garrison’s	glass.
Chloe	didn’t	notice	much	else	about	the	actual	festivities	other	than	the	guests	growing
drunker	and	drunker.	There	was	a	blackberry	mojito	punch	and	the	guests	were	inhaling	it.
Chloe	 cleared	 a	 bunch	 of	 half-empty	 punch	 cups	 with	 mint	 leaves	 and	 whole	 fat
blackberries	 trapped	 among	 the	 melting	 ice;	 she	 brought	 them	 to	 the	 kitchen,	 where	 she
found	Geraldo	manning	the	kitchen	trash.	He	picked	up	the	cup	with	the	most	punch	and
drank	it.
“Ew,”	Chloe	said.	“Someone	else’s	mouth	was	on	that.	Also,	if	Siobhan	sees	you	doing
that,	she’ll	fire	you.”
“Siobhan	 just	 left,”	 Geraldo	 said.	 “She	 has	 four	 other	 events	 tonight.	 She	 won’t	 be
back.”
“Donna,	then,”	Chloe	said,	but	they	both	knew	Donna	wasn’t	strict	at	all.	If	she	saw
Geraldo	drinking,	she	would	do	no	more	than	roll	her	eyes.
“Try	it,”	Geraldo	said.

“No,”	Chloe	said.
“Just	try	it,”	Geraldo	said.
Chloe	had	never	been	good	at	resisting	peer	pressure.	Plus,	the	drink	was	a	deliciouslooking	 purple	 color.	 Chloe	 drank	 half	 a	 cup	 without	 letting	 her	 lips	 touch	 the	 rim.	 The
drink	was	so	fruity	and	minty	that	she	could	barely	taste	the	alcohol,	but	almost	instantly
she	felt	lighter,	more	relaxed.
She	 fell	 into	 the	 habit	 of	 sneaking	 a	 few	 sips	 of	 punch	 whenever	 she	 cleared.	 She
wasn’t	 getting	 drunk,	 she	 didn’t	 think;	 if	 anything,	 the	 punch	 was	 making	 her	 more
perceptive.	Chloe	wanted	to	be	a	writer	like	Greer	Garrison.	But	she	didn’t	want	to	write
murder	mysteries;	she	wanted	to	write	a	blog	about	fashion	and	lifestyle,	what	was	new,
what	 was	 hot.	 The	 great	 thing	 about	 this	 wedding	 in	 particular	 was	 how	 attractive	 and
stylish	 everyone	 was.	 Chloe	 had	 mentally	 snapped	 pictures	 of	 at	 least	 four	 outfits,
including	the	outstanding	jumpsuit	that	Greer	Garrison	was	wearing.	She	looked	amazing
and	she	was	in	her	fifties!
When	Chloe	was	heading	back	to	the	kitchen—there	was	a	British	woman	at	table	4
who	demanded	more	biscuits—she	smelled	smoke,	and	as	Greer	had	decreed	there	was	to
be	absolutely	no	smoking	anywhere	on	the	premises,	Chloe	decided	the	biscuits	could	wait
and	she	went	in	search	of	the	source.	She	had	found	the	maid	of	honor	on	the	side	porch,
smoking	a	cigarette	and	ashing	into	the	lace	hydrangea	bush	below.
Chloe	was	about	to	open	her	mouth	to	let	her	know	smoke	was	blowing	into	the	house
when	a	man	walked	up	the	outside	steps	of	the	side	porch.	It	was	the	groom’s	father.	He
took	a	drag	off	the	maid	of	honor’s	cigarette	and	he	leaned	his	elbows	on	the	railing	next
to	her.
Chloe	 should	 have	 gone	 back	 to	 work.	 If	 the	 father	 of	 the	 groom,	 who	 owned	 this
house,	sanctioned	the	smoking,	then	it	must	have	been	okay.	But	Chloe	stayed	plugged	in
right	where	she	was.	The	maid	of	honor	was	cooler	than	cool.	She	wore	a	stretchy	black
tank	dress	with	straps	that	crisscrossed	and	a	very	low	dip	in	the	back	and	a	leather-andcrystal	choker	that	Chloe	thought	could	have	come	from	Van	Cleef	and	Arpels	or	could
have	 been	 purchased	 at	 a	 flea	 market	 in	 Mumbai;	 it	 was	 impossible	 to	 tell,	 which	 was
what	made	it	cool.
“You	have	to	get	rid	of	it,”	the	father	of	the	groom	said.
“I	can’t,”	the	maid	of	honor	said.
“You	can,”	the	father	of	the	groom	said.
“I	won’t.”
“Merritt,	you	don’t	want	a	baby.”
Chloe	pressed	her	lips	together.
“I	don’t	 want	 a	 baby,”	 Merritt	 said.	 “But	 I	 do	 want	 you.	 I	 want	 you,	 Tag,	 and	 this	 is
your	baby.	It’s	my	connection	to	you.”

“I	could	call	your	bluff,”	Tag	said.	“How	do	I	know	the	baby	is	mine?	It	could	just	as
easily	be	Robbie’s.”
“I	haven’t	slept	with	Robbie	since	last	year,”	Merritt	says.	“And	nothing	happened	a
few	weeks	ago.	You	saw	to	that,	didn’t	you?”
“How	can	I	be	sure	you’re	really	pregnant?	How	do	I	know	you	haven’t	gotten	rid	of	it
already?	Here	you	are	smoking.	If	you’re	so	set	on	having	the	baby,	why	not	start	taking
care	of	it?”
“It’s	none	of	your	business	what	I	do,”	Merritt	said.
“Either	 it	 is	 or	 it	 isn’t,”	 Tag	 said.	 He	 flicked	 the	 cigarette	 into	 the	 lace	 hydrangea.
“Make	up	your	mind.”
“Tag…”
“We	 are	 going	 to	 get	 through	 this	 wedding,”	 Tag	 said.	 “And	 when	 you	 leave	 on
Sunday,	I’ll	write	you	a	check.	But	then	that’s	it,	Merritt.	This	is	over.”	Tag	disappeared
from	Chloe’s	view—down	the	stairs,	she	imagined,	and	back	to	the	party.
“I’ll	tell	Greer!”	Merritt	called	out	after	him.
There	was	no	response	and	Merritt	dissolved	into	tears.	Chloe	had	the	urge	to	comfort
her,	 but	 at	 the	 same	 time	 she	 was	 thinking,	 What	 a	 scandal.	 The	 maid	 of	 honor	 was
pregnant	with	the	father	of	the	groom’s	baby!	He	wanted	her	to	get	rid	of	it;	she	wanted	to
be	with	him.	He	wanted	to	pay	her	off;	she	threatened	blackmail.
“Chica!”	 Geraldo	 was	 gesturing	 from	 down	 the	 hall,	 and	 Chloe	 hurried	 toward	 him.
She	needed	to	get	back	to	work.
Despite	what	she	had	witnessed,	or	maybe	because	of	it,	Chloe	continued	to	sneak	drinks.
It	didn’t	seem	to	be	affecting	her	work	performance.	She	served	the	clambake,	cleared	the
clambake;	 she	 half	 listened	 to	 the	 toasts.	 She	 served	 dessert	 and	 then	 cleared	 dessert.
People	started	to	dance.	Chloe	looked	for	Merritt,	the	maid	of	honor,	but	didn’t	see	her.
Tag,	meanwhile,	was	dancing	with	Greer.
The	party	was	coming	to	an	end.	The	band	played	its	final	song	and	Chloe	switched
into	what	she	thought	of	as	turbo-clear	mode.	Anything	not	nailed	down	was	going	back
to	 the	 kitchen.	 There	 had	 been	 champagne	 toasts,	 so	 there	 was	 a	 slew	 of	 slender	 flutes,
which	 were	 more	 difficult	 to	 transport	 than	 punch	 cups	 because	 of	 their	 high	 center	 of
gravity.	Chloe	tried	to	be	mindful.	It	was	dark,	the	terrain	was	uneven,	and	she	had	had	no
small	amount	of	punch	herself.	She	was	carrying	a	full	tray	of	flutes	with	varying	levels	of
champagne	 remaining.	 Chloe	 was	 debating	 whether	 she	 should	 start	 drinking	 the
champagne—Veuve	Clicquot	was	very	expensive,	she	knew—and	she	was	also	thinking
of	 a	 musical	 instrument	 she	 had	 once	 seen	 that	 was	 nothing	 more	 than	 a	 collection	 of
water	glasses	filled	to	different	levels	that	some	dude	played	with	one	wetted	finger	when
the	 toe	 of	 her	 clog	 caught	 the	 raised	 lip	 where	 the	 lawn	 met	 the	 beach.	 The	 tray	 went
flying;	the	glasses	shattered.	The	sound	was	one	from	the	recurring	nightmares	of	servers
everywhere.	Chloe	cringed.	She	willed	the	tray	to	fly	back	up	into	her	hands	like	a	film	in
reverse,	the	glasses	restored	to	whole.	She	was	relieved	that	the	party	was	ending	and	no

one	seemed	to	have	noticed	her	display	of	utter	gracelessness.
But	then	a	voice	came	from	out	of	the	darkness.	“Here,	let	me	help.”
Chloe	 looked	 up	 from	 the	 wreckage.	 It	 was	 Merritt,	 the	 maid	 of	 honor,	 in	 her	 cool
black	dress.
“You	don’t	have	to,”	Chloe	said.	“It’s	my	fault.”
“Could	have	happened	to	anyone,”	Merritt	said.	“Would	have	happened	to	me,	I	assure
you,	if	I’d	been	brave	enough	to	do	this	job	at	your	age.”
Chloe	stared	at	Merritt	for	a	second.	She	was	intrigued	and	embarrassed	now	that	they
were	face-to-face.	Chloe	knew	Merritt’s	secret	but	Merritt	didn’t	know	that	Chloe	knew.	If
Merritt	had	realized	Chloe	knew	that	she	was	pregnant	with	the	groom’s	father’s	baby,	she
would	have	been…	what?	Angry	that	Chloe	eavesdropped?	Mortified	by	the	example	she
was	setting?	Chloe	kept	her	face	down	so	as	not	to	give	anything	away	in	her	expression.
She	picked	the	bigger	shards	out	of	the	grass.	They	clinked	on	the	tray.
“What’s	your	name?”	Merritt	asked.
“Chloe	MacAvoy.”
“Where	do	you	live,	Chloe?”
“Here,”	Chloe	said.	“On	Nantucket.	Year-round.”
Merritt	sighed.	“Well,	then,	you’re	the	luckiest	girl	in	the	world.”
“Where	do	you	live?”	Chloe	asked.
“I	live	in	New	York	City,”	Merritt	said.	“I	work	in	PR	there	and	I	do	some	influencing
stuff	on	Instagram.”
“Oh.”	Chloe	swallowed.	“Really?	What’s	your	name?	I’ll	follow	you.”
“At	Merritt—two	r’s,	two	t’s—Monaco,	like	the	country.	Can	you	remember	that?	I’d
be	honored	if	you	followed	me,	Chloe.	I’ll	keep	an	eye	out	and	follow	you	back.”
“You	will?”	Chloe	said.	She	felt	insanely	flattered—Merritt	was	an	influencer!—even
as	she	knew	she	should	not	put	Merritt	on	any	kind	of	pedestal.	If	she	ever	got	into	the
position	Merritt	was	in,	Auntie	and	Uncle	Ed	would	be	extremely	disappointed.	Still,	she
couldn’t	help	but	feel	a	bit	of	starstruck	awe.	“I	love	your	dress.	Do	you	mind	telling	me
who	it’s	by?”
Merritt	looked	down	as	if	to	remind	herself	what	she	was	wearing.	“Young,	Fabulous,
and	 Broke,”	 she	 said.	 “Which	 describes	 me.”	 Her	 smile	 faded.	 “Well,	 two	 out	 of	 three,
anyway.”
Once	the	glass	was	all	picked	up	and	Merritt	had	hurried	off	to	find	Celeste,	Chloe	wanted
to	 finish	 cleaning	 up	 and	 leave.	 She	 presented	 the	 tray	 of	 broken	 glass	 to	 Donna,	 who
frowned	but	then	said,	“Happens	to	the	best	of	us,	kid.”
Geraldo	said,	“Let’s	get	out	of	here,	chica.”

Chloe	had	to	go	to	the	bathroom.	Badly.	Siobhan	didn’t	like	them	to	use	the	restrooms
unless	 it	 was	 an	 absolute	 emergency,	 and	 this	 definitely	 qualified.	 There	 was	 a	 powder
room	designated	for	guests,	and	now	that	most	of	the	guests	had	left,	it	was	unoccupied.
When	Chloe	emerged	a	few	minutes	later,	she	turned	left	down	the	hall	toward	what
she	thought	was	the	front	door	and	freedom.	But	the	hall	led	her	into	a	living	room.
“Hey,”	a	voice	said.
Chloe	peered	into	the	room	but	saw	no	one.	Then,	from	a	chair	that	looked	like	a	scoop
of	vanilla	ice	cream,	a	woman	sat	up.	It	was	the	woman	who	had	been	so	rude	about	the
cheddar	biscuits	and	had	sent	Chloe	in	search	of	more.	And	see	that	they’re	warm!
“Hello?”	Chloe	said.
“Can	 you	 bring	 me	 a	 bottle	 of	 something,	 doll	 face?”	 the	 woman	 said.	 “Whiskey?
Vodka?	Some	of	that	champagne	Greer	was	drinking?”
“Uh…”	Chloe	said.	“The	party	is	over,	actually.”
“The	official	party	is	over,”	the	woman	said.	She	had	a	bad	dye	job,	blond	turning	a
rust	color	at	the	part.	“Now	is	the	after-party	and	as	I’ve	run	dry,	I	need	your	help.”
“I’m	only	sixteen,”	Chloe	said.	“I	can’t	serve	alcohol.	It’s	against	the	law.”
The	woman	laughed.	“Ha!	What	if	I	give	you	a	hundred	pounds?	Or,	wait,	a	hundred…
what	do	you	Yanks	call	them?	Bucks!”
A	hundred	bucks?	It	was	tempting.	Chloe	knew	how	easy	it	would	be	to	pluck	a	bottle
from	the	boxes	waiting	to	go	back	out	to	the	catering	truck.	But	she	thought	of	Merritt.
One	wayward	decision	might	lead	to	another,	she	feared.
“I’m	sorry,”	Chloe	said.	“I	have	to	get	home.”
“Sweetie,	please,”	the	woman	said.	“I’m	desperate.	I	would	have	bet	my	last	shilling
that	 Tag	 Winbury	 kept	 scotch	 in	 every	 room,	 but	 I	 can’t	 find	 a	 drop.	 And	 you	 are	 the
catering	help,	aren’t	you?	So	it’s	your	job	to	bring	me	what	I	want.”
“I’m	 sorry,”	 Chloe	 said.	 “I’m	 off	 the	 clock.	 I’m	 leaving	 now.”	 She	 gave	 the	 woman
what	 she	 hoped	 was	 a	 professional	 smile	 and	 turned	 around.	 She	 headed	 back	 the	 way
she’d	come	and	zipped	out	the	side	door	of	the	house.	Because,	really,	how	much	could
she	be	expected	to	deal	with	in	one	night?

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:30	p.m.

THE	CHIEF

He	has	to	drive	from	Monomoy	to	the	station,	where	they’re	holding	Shooter	Uxley.	He
has	two	state	policemen	back	at	the	scene	to	make	sure	nothing	is	tampered	with	and	no
one	else	flees.	He	could	use	two	more	guys,	quite	honestly.	Nantucket	just	isn’t	equipped
for	a	murder	during	a	busy	holiday	weekend.	That	is	the	stark	truth.
The	Chief	inhales	through	his	nose	and	exhales	through	his	mouth,	his	takeaway	from
the	 stress	 management	 course	 he’s	 required	 to	 attend	 every	 three	 years.	 He’ll	 question
Shooter	 himself	 and	 that	 will	 likely	 shed	 some	 light	 on	 things.	 He’ll	 hear	 from	 the	 ME
about	 an	 exact	 cause	 of	 death.	 If	 he	 still	 hasn’t	 figured	 out	 what	 happened,	 he	 has	 the
father,	the	brother,	and	the	groom	himself.
But	frankly,	the	Chief	likes	the	best	man	for	this.	Why	else	would	he	run?	Then	again,
after	he’d	disappeared	last	night,	why	would	he	come	back?	What	is	going	on	here?
The	Chief	talked	to	Nick	briefly	before	he	left	the	compound.	Nick	said	the	mother	of
the	 groom,	 Greer	 Garrison,	 the	 mystery	 writer,	 had	 misled	 him	 about	 her	 timetable.
Intentionally,	he	thinks.
I	didn’t	like	the	way	our	interview	went,	Nick	said.	It	had	a	funny	smell.
The	Chief	calls	home.	Andrea	answers.	“How’s	it	going?”
“Oh,	fine,”	Ed	says.	Andrea	will	know	he	means	the	exact	opposite.	He	wants	to	tell
Andrea	 that	 Finn’s	 girlfriend,	 Lola	 Budd,	 was	 the	 one	 who	 ended	 up	 finding	 their	 main
suspect.	It’s	a	good	story	and	it	will	hearten	Andrea	to	know	that	Lola	has	had	a	chance	to
shine,	but	there	isn’t	time	to	get	into	it	now.
“How’s	Chloe?”	the	Chief	asks.	“Is	her	stomach	feeling	any	better?”
“Not	sure,”	Andrea	says.	“She’s	locked	herself	in	her	room.”
“No	locked	doors,”	Ed	says.	This	has	been	a	rule	since	back	when	his	own	kids,	Kacy
and	Eric,	were	growing	up.
“You	 come	 home	 and	 tell	 her	 that,”	 Andrea	 says.	 “Because	 I’ve	 tried	 and	 she	 won’t
budge.	She’s	upset	about	the	girl.	The	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor,	everyone	is	calling	her
now.”
“Everyone?”	Ed	asks.	“Is	it	that	bad	already?	People	talking?	People	giving	this	story
a	name?	We	aren’t	even	sure	she	was	murdered.	Not	sure	at	all.”
“It’s	a	small	island,	Ed,”	Andrea	says.	She	pauses,	and	he	realizes	she	has	just	lobbed
his	favorite	line	right	back	at	him.	“Would	it	be	awful	if	while	you	were	out	solving	this
murder,	I	went	to	the	beach?”

He’s	investigating	 a	 murder,	 not	 solving	 anything.	 “Go	 to	 the	 beach,”	 he	 says.	 “But
please	be	careful.”
“You’re	sweet,”	Andrea	says.	“Love	you.”
He	hangs	up	just	as	a	call	comes	in	from	Cape	Cod	Hospital.
“This	is	Ed	Kapenash,”	he	says.
“Chief,	 it’s	 Linda.”	 Linda	 Ferretti,	 the	 medical	 examiner.	 “Prelims	 indicate	 our	 girl
died	by	drowning	around	three	a.m.	The	blood	work	shows	someone	slipped	her	a	mickey,
or	 maybe	 she	 self-medicated.	 A	 barbiturate	 seems	 to	 be	 the	 culprit.	 The	 cut	 on	 her	 foot
was	the	source	of	all	that	blood	but	it	was	just	a	surface	wound.	She	has	one	fingerprintsize	bruise	on	her	wrist;	my	best	guess	is	someone	yanked	her	or	pulled	on	her	arm.	There
are	no	other	signs	that	she	was	strangled	or	smothered	and	then	dumped.	She	either	took
pills	or	was	given	something.	She	went	out	for	a	swim,	passed	out,	drowned.	Could	have
happened	in	a	bathtub.”
“Okay,”	the	Chief	says.	“What	was	her	blood	alcohol	content?”
“Low,”	Linda	says.	“Point	zero-two-five.”
“Really?”	the	Chief	says.	“You’re	sure?”
“Surprised	 me	 too,	 at	 first,”	 she	 says.	 “The	 contents	 of	 her	 stomach	 were	 minimal.
Either	she	didn’t	eat	much	last	night	or,	what	I	think	is	more	likely,	she	vomited	up	what
she	did	eat.”
“What	makes	you	think	that?”	the	Chief	asks.
“She	was	pregnant.”
“You’re	kidding,”	the	Chief	says.
“Wish	I	was,”	Linda	says.	“Very	early	stages.	My	guess	is	she	was	six	or	seven	weeks
along?	She	might	not	even	have	realized	it.”
“Wow,”	the	Chief	says.
“The	plot	thickens,”	Linda	says.
The	Chief	hangs	up	and	his	phone	rings	again.	This	time	it’s	the	Nantucket	hospital.
“This	is	Ed	Kapenash,”	he	says.
“Chief,	it’s	Margaret	from	the	ER.”
“Hey,	Margaret,”	the	Chief	says.	“What’s	up?”
“We	have	the	bride	from	that	wedding,”	Margaret	says.	“Kind	of	strange?	She	says	she
wants	to	talk	to	the	police	here	at	the	hospital	rather	than	at	the	house.	Her	fiancé	came	to
check	on	her.	They	had	words,	then	he	stormed	out.”
“Keep	her	there,	Margaret,”	the	Chief	says.	“I’ll	send	the	Greek	the	instant	he’s	free.”
“The	Greek?”	Margaret	says.	“My	nurses	will	be	thrilled.”

The	Chief	smiles	for	the	first	time	that	day.	“Thanks,	Margaret,”	he	says,	then	he	turns
into	the	station.
They	 are	 holding	 Shooter	 Uxley	 in	 the	 first	 interview	 room.	 When	 the	 Chief	 enters,
Shooter	is	fast	asleep	with	his	head	on	the	table.	The	Chief	watches	him	for	a	second	and
listens	 to	 him	 snoring.	 Whatever	 anxiety	 he	 might	 be	 feeling	 is	 clearly	 overridden	 by
exhaustion.
Didn’t	sleep	much	last	night,	buddy?	the	Chief	wonders.
Mr.	 Uxley	 has	 taken	 off	 his	 blazer	 and	 untucked	 his	 shirt.	 The	 Chief	 looks	 at	 his
paperwork:	 Michael	 Oscar	 Uxley.	 New	 York	 driver’s	 license,	 Manhattan	 address,	 West
Thirty-Ninth	 Street.	 Also	 from	 New	 York	 City,	 like	 the	 deceased.	 He	 wonders	 if	 Uxley
was	the	father	of	Ms.	Monaco’s	baby.
The	Chief	nudges	his	arm.	“Hey	there,	wake	up.	Mr.	Uxley,	sir?”
Shooter	 groans	 and	 raises	 his	 head.	 He	 seems	 disoriented	 for	 a	 second,	 then	 he
straightens	up.
The	Chief	says,	“In	case	you’ve	forgotten,	I’m	Chief	Kapenash,	Nantucket	Police.	You
put	on	some	nice	moves	out	there.”
Shooter	blinks.	“I	want	a	lawyer,”	he	says.

Thursday,	June	22–Friday,	June	23,	2017

CELESTE

She	 doesn’t	 meet	 Shooter	 until	 she	 and	 Benji	 have	 been	 together	 for	 nine	 months.
Shooter	 is	 Benji’s	 best	 friend—so	 why	 does	 it	 take	 so	 long?	 Well,	 Shooter	 is	 busy.	 He
owns	and	operates	a	company	called	A-List,	which	provides	American	retreats	for	foreign
businessmen.	 What	 this	 means	 essentially	 is	 that	 Shooter	 has	 made	 a	 career—lucrative,
Benji	 says—out	 of	 partying.	 He	 takes	 executives	 from	 Asian	 and	 emerging	 Eastern
European	countries	and	shows	these	gentlemen	(for	his	clientele	is	100	percent	male)	an
old-fashioned	 American	 good	 time.	 Much	 of	 the	 “work”	 is	 centered	 in	 Manhattan.	 The
executives	 are	 fond	 of	 the	 long-established	 steak	 houses—Smith	 and	 Wollensky,
Gallagher’s,	Peter	Luger’s;	they	like	the	Intrepid	 and	 Times	 Square;	 they	 like	 the	 clubs,
especially	the	gentlemen’s	clubs	on	Twelfth	Avenue.	Shooter	also	spends	a	lot	of	time	in
Las	 Vegas.	 He	 is,	 Benji	 says	 with	 a	 straight	 face,	 a	 Vegas	 regular.	 He	 divides	 his	 time
between	the	Aria	Sky	Suites	and	the	Mandarin	Oriental.	Shooter	himself	plays	only	craps;
in	prep	school	at	St.	George’s,	he	ran	a	late-night	dice	game,	and	that	was	the	source	of	his
nickname.
“You	all	gambled	in	high	school?”	Celeste	asks	Benji.	She	herself	has	never	been	to	a
casino,	but	if	she	went,	she	would	steer	clear	of	the	craps	table.	The	name	alone.
“Shooter	made	it	impossible	to	resist,”	Benji	says.	“I	always	lost,	but	it	was	fun.”
When	 Shooter	 isn’t	 “working”	 in	 Manhattan	 or	 Las	 Vegas,	 he	 is	 at	 the	 Kentucky
Derby,	 the	 Masters,	 the	 Super	 Bowl,	 the	 Indy	 500,	 Coachella,	 or	 Mardi	 Gras.	 He	 is
sunning	in	South	Beach	or	skiing	in	Aspen.	Wherever	you	wish	you	could	be	on	any	given
weekend,	Shooter	is	there	with	a	group	of	his	executives.
On	the	weekend	of	June	23,	however,	Shooter	is	coming	to	Nantucket	with	Benji	and
Celeste.	Celeste	is	excited	to	finally	meet	him.	She’s	also	glad	he’s	coming	because	this	is
Celeste’s	first	time	to	Nantucket,	her	first	time	to	any	summer	resort,	and	it’s	her	first	time
spending	the	weekend	with	Tag	and	Greer,	Benji’s	parents.	Celeste	met	Tag	and	Greer	on
three	previous	occasions.	The	first	was	a	dinner	at	Buvette,	then	a	few	weeks	later	there
was	Sunday	church	at	St.	James’s	followed	by	dim	sum	in	Chinatown.	The	third	occasion
was	 a	 dinner	 at	 the	 Winburys’	 apartment	 on	 Park	 and	 Seventieth	 to	 celebrate	 Benji’s
twenty-eighth	birthday.
The	 Winburys	 are	 less	 intimidating	 than	 Celeste	 expected.	 Tag	 is	 gregarious	 and
charismatic;	Greer	is	high-strung	and	a	bit	imperious	until	her	second	glass	of	champagne,
when	she	relaxes	into	someone	quite	funny	and	warm.	They	are	wealthy	beyond	Celeste’s
wildest	imagination	but	as	she	strove	to	seem	cultured	and	well	bred,	they	strove	to	seem
down-to-earth,	 and	 they	 all	 met	 in	 the	 middle.	 Neither	 of	 the	 elder	 Winburys	 flinched
when	Celeste	announced	that	her	father	sold	suits	at	the	mall	and	her	mother	worked	in	the

gift	 shop	 at	 a	 crayon	 factory.	 Greer	 asked	 several	 questions	 about	 Karen’s	 health	 that
revealed	 her	 concern	 without	 seeming	 phony	 or	 overbearing.	 They	 made	 Celeste	 feel
comfortable.	The	Winburys	made	her	feel	acceptable,	which	she	found	a	pleasant	surprise.
Despite	this,	staying	with	them	for	a	long	weekend	on	Nantucket	is	a	daunting	prospect
and	Celeste	is	glad	for	Shooter’s	presence	to	take	some	pressure	off	her.
They	are	leaving	late	afternoon	on	Thursday	and	returning	on	Sunday	evening.	Celeste
has	taken	Friday	off	work,	her	first	vacation	in	a	year	and	a	half;	the	last	time	was	when
she	took	a	week	to	care	for	Karen	after	her	double	mastectomy.	They	are	flying	from	JFK
on	 JetBlue.	 The	 flight	 is	 only	 forty	 minutes	 long	 but	 it’s	 another	 source	 of	 anxiety	 for
Celeste.	She	has	never	been	on	an	airplane.	Benji	couldn’t	believe	it	when	she	told	him.
“Never	been	on	a	plane?”
She	 tried	 to	 explain	 to	 him	 that	 she	 grew	 up	 sheltered,	 more	 sheltered	 than	 the	 most
sheltered	person	he	knows.	She	knows	that	sheltered	makes	it	sound	like	Bruce	and	Karen
were	trying	to	keep	Celeste	from	the	evils	of	the	wider	world,	but	the	truth	was	that	Bruce
and	Karen	didn’t	have	the	money	to	explore	the	world	beyond	their	own	neat	pocket	of	it.
They	didn’t	have	relatives	in	Duluth	or	St.	Louis	to	visit,	and	when	Celeste	came	home
from	school	in	sixth	grade	asking	to	go	to	Disney	World,	Bruce	arranged	for	a	Saturday
excursion	 to	 Six	 Flags	 in	 New	 Jersey.	 Over	 spring	 break	 in	 college,	 when	 everyone	 at
Miami	 of	 Ohio	 went	 to	 Daytona	 or	 the	 Bahamas,	 Celeste	 took	 the	 bus	 home	 to	 Easton.
There	had	been	no	junior	year	abroad.	After	college,	there	had	been	New	York	City,	her
job	 at	 the	 zoo,	 her	 life	 right	 up	 until	 meeting	 Benji.	 When	 would	 she	 have	 boarded	 a
plane?
Celeste	 is	 so	 concerned	 about	 arriving	 at	 JFK	 in	 a	 timely	 fashion	 that	 she	 forgoes
public	transportation	and	springs	for	an	Uber	from	the	zoo.	It’s	$102.	Celeste	ignores	the
tight	 knot	 of	 dread	 in	 her	 gut	 as	 she	 adds	 this	 expense	 to	 the	 many	 others	 this	weekend
away	has	incurred.	She	needed	a	whole	new	summer	wardrobe—two	bikinis,	a	cover-up,
three	sundresses	to	wear	out	at	night,	shorts	and	flip-flops,	and	a	straw	bag.	She	needed	a
pedicure	and	a	fresh	haircut.	She	needed	sunscreen	and	a	hostess	gift	for	Greer.
“What	do	you	get	for	a	woman	who	has	literally	everything?”	Celeste	asked	Merritt.
“Bring	her	really	good	olive	oil,”	Merritt	said.	“It’s	more	interesting	than	wine.”
Celeste	 bought	 a	 forty-two-dollar	 (gulp)	 bottle	 of	 olive	 oil	 at	 Dean	 and	 DeLuca.
Transporting	the	olive	oil	to	Nantucket	cost	her	another	twenty-five	dollars	in	checked-bag
fees.
Celeste	 goes	 through	 airport	 security,	 a	 soul-shredding	 experience	 where	 she	 has	 to
stand	barefoot	among	strangers	and	put	her	drugstore	toiletries	on	display	in	a	clear	plastic
bag	 for	 others	 to	 comment	 on.	 The	 woman	 behind	 her	 points	 to	 Celeste’s	 Noxzema	 and
says,	“I	thought	they	stopped	making	that	in	the	eighties.”
As	Celeste	is	walking	to	the	gate,	she	gets	a	text	from	Benji.	Accident	on	55th	Street,
midtown	at	a	standstill,	I	may	miss	the	flight.	You	go,	I’ll	meet	you	there	tomorrow.

Celeste	stops	and	rereads	the	text.	I’ll	just	wait	and	go	with	you	tomorrow,	she	texts
back.	 But	 she	 imagines	 undoing	 all	 the	 steps	 she	 has	 just	 taken	 only	 to	 reiterate	 them
tomorrow.	 Unchecking	 her	 bag,	 Ubering	 back	 to	 Manhattan,	 rebooking	 her	 ticket	 for	 a
Friday.
Just	go	now,	Benji	texts.	Please.	It’ll	be	fine.	Shooter	will	take	good	care	of	you.
When	Celeste	gets	to	the	gate,	there	is	a	man	in	jeans	and	a	white	linen	shirt	who	breaks
into	a	grin	when	he	sees	her.
“You’re	as	pretty	as	he	said.”	The	man	offers	his	hand.	“I’m	Shooter	Uxley.”
“Celeste,”	 she	 says.	 “Otis.”	 Celeste	 shakes	 Shooter’s	 hand	 and	 tries	 to	 manage	 the
emotions	 careening	 around	 inside	 of	 her.	 Ten	 seconds	 ago	 she	 was	 despondent	 about
having	to	get	to	Nantucket	and	endure	an	entire	night	and	half	the	next	day	without	Benji.
Now,	 however,	 her	 insides	 are	 swooping	 and	 dipping	 like	 a	 kite.	 Shooter	 is…	 well,	 the
first	 word	 she	 thinks	 of	 is	 hot,	 but	 she	 has	 never	 described	 anyone	 that	 way	 and	 so	 she
switches	to	handsome.	 Objectively	 handsome;	 his	 handsomeness	 is	 a	 matter	 of	 fact,	 not
opinion.	 He	 has	 dark	 hair	 with	 a	 forelock	 that	 falls	 over	 one	 of	 his	 blue	 eyes.	 Celeste’s
eyes	 are	 also	 blue,	 but	 blue	 eyes	 look	 better	 on	 Shooter	 with	 his	 dark	 hair.	 But	 what
Celeste	is	responding	to	is	more	than	Shooter’s	looks.	It’s	his	gaze,	his	grin,	his	energy—
they	grab	her.	Is	there	a	better	way	to	describe	it?	She’s	in	thrall.	This,	she	thinks,	is	love
at	first	sight.
But	no!	It	can’t	be!	Celeste	loves	Benji.	They	have	just	started	saying	it.	The	first	time
was	 five	 days	 earlier,	 Sunday	 evening,	 as	 they	 drove	 back	 to	 the	 city	 from	 a	 visit	 with
Celeste’s	parents	in	Easton.	Benji	had	met	Bruce	and	Karen	and	seen	the	modest	house	on
Derhammer	 Street	 where	 Celeste	 grew	 up.	 Celeste	 had	 shown	 Benji	 her	 elementary
school,	 her	 high	 school,	 the	 Palmer	 pool,	 downtown	 Easton,	 the	 Peace	 candle,	 the	 Free
Bridge,	 and	 the	 Crayola	 factory.	 They	 had	 supper	 with	 Karen	 and	 Bruce	 at	 Diner	 248.
Celeste	had	thought	about	making	a	reservation	somewhere	more	refined—Easton	had	a
crop	of	new	restaurants;	Masa	for	Mexican,	Third	and	Ferry	for	seafood—but	Celeste	and
her	parents	had	always	celebrated	family	milestones	at	the	diner,	and	to	go	anywhere	else
would	feel	phony.	They	all	ate	vegetable	barley	soup	and	turkey	clubs,	and	Karen,	Bruce,
and	 Celeste	 split	 the	 Fudgy	 Wudgy	 for	 dessert	 as	 usual	 and	 Benji	 gamely	 tried	 a	 bite.
After	supper,	they	drove	back	to	the	house	and	said	their	good-byes	at	the	curb.	Bruce	and
Karen	waved	until	Celeste	and	Benji	turned	the	corner	and	Celeste	shed	a	few	tears	as	she
always	 did	 when	 she	 left	 her	 parents.	 Benji	 said,	 “Well,	 now	 I’ve	 seen	 Easton.	 Thank
you.”
Celeste	 had	 laughed	 and	 wiped	 tears	 from	 the	 bottom	 of	 her	 eyes.	 “You’re	 very
welcome.	It’s	not	Park	Avenue	or	London,	of	course…”
“It’s	a	sweet	little	town,”	Benji	said.	“It	must	have	been	a	nice	place	to	grow	up.”
Celeste	flinched	at	this	assessment;	something	about	his	tone	sounded	patronizing.	“It
was,”	she	said	defensively.
Benji	reached	over	to	squeeze	her	knee.	“Hey,	I’m	sorry.	That	came	out	wrong.	I	liked

Easton,	and	your	parents	are	true	gems.	Real	salt	of	the	earth.”
They’re	people,	Celeste	had	thought.	Good,	honest,	hardworking	people.	She	had	never
understood	 the	 phrase	 salt	 of	 the	 earth,	 but	 it	 sounded	 like	 something	 you	 said	 about
someone	you	knew	was	beneath	you.	To	make	the	moment	even	more	humiliating,	Celeste
started	 to	 cry	 again	 and	 Benji	 said,	 “Wow,	 I’m	 making	 things	 worse.	 Please	 don’t	 cry,
Celeste.	I	love	you.”
Celeste	shook	her	head.	“You’re	just	saying	that.”
“I’m	 not,”	 Benji	 said.	 “I’ve	 been	 wanting	 to	 say	 it	 for	 weeks,	 months	 even,	 but	 I’ve
been	afraid	because	I	wasn’t	sure	you	felt	the	same	way.	But	believe	me,	please,	when	I
say	I	love	you.	I	love	you,	Celeste	Otis.”
She	had	felt	emotionally	goosed.	He	loved	her.	He	loved	her.	Celeste	didn’t	know	what
to	say,	and	yet	it	was	clear	Benji	was	waiting	for	a	response.	“I	love	you	too,”	she	said.
“You	do?”	he	asked.
Did	she?	Celeste	thought	back	to	the	first	time	she	met	Benji,	how	wonderful	he	had
been	with	Miranda,	how	exasperated	with	glamorous	Jules.	She	thought	of	the	flowers	and
the	books	and	the	restaurants	and	his	mind-boggling	apartment	and	the	homeless	shelter.
She	 thought	 about	 the	 ease	 she	 felt	 in	 his	 presence,	 as	 though	 the	 world	 had	 only	 good
things	to	offer.	She	thought	about	how	much	his	opinion	mattered	to	her.	She	wanted	to	be
good	enough	for	him.
“Yes,”	she	said.	“I	do.”
If	 Celeste	 loves	 Benji,	 then	 what	 is	 happening	 now,	 with	 Shooter?	 Celeste	 knows	 her
parents’	story	by	heart:	Karen	came	marching	up	the	pool	steps	and	introduced	herself	to
Bruce,	who	was	sweating	off	water	weight	and	staring	at	his	orange.	Karen	had	stuck	out
her	hand	and	said,	I	admire	a	man	with	willpower.	And	those,	apparently,	were	the	magic
words,	 because	 they	 both	 knew	 instantly	 that	 they	 would	 get	 married	 and	 stay	 together
forever.
I	wasn’t	even	hungry	after	that,	Bruce	said.	I	threw	my	orange	away,	I	made	weight,	I
won	my	match,	but	it	barely	mattered.	All	I	wanted	was	a	date	with	your	mother.
That’s	how	love	works,	Karen	said.
Does	 love	 work	 only	 one	 way?	 Celeste	 wonders.	 She	 has	 spent	 the	 past	 nine	 months
carefully,	cautiously	getting	to	know	Benjamin	Winbury	and	has	just	decided	to	call	that
experience	 love.	 But	 only	 five	 days	 later,	 she’s	 pretty	 sure	 she	 has	 made	 a	 mistake.
Because	in	meeting	Shooter,	Celeste	has	been	swallowed	whole	by	the	world.	Goner,	she
thinks.	I’m	a	goner.
No.	She	is	a	scientist.	She	believes	in	reason.	What	she’s	feeling	now	is	as	ephemeral
as	a	shooting	star.	Soon	enough,	it	will	fade	away.
“The	 old	 boy	 isn’t	 going	 to	 make	 this	 flight,”	 Shooter	 says.	 “He	 gave	 me	 very	 strict
orders	to	take	care	of	you.”

“That	won’t	be	necessary,”	Celeste	says.	“I	can	take	care	of	myself.”
“Can	you?”	Shooter	says.	His	eyes	flash	with	blue	sparks.	Celeste	can’t	look	directly	at
him,	then	she	decides	that	she’s	being	silly,	of	course	she	can	look	at	him,	and	she	does.
The	bottom	drops	out	of	her	stomach,	whoosh!	 He	 is	 so	 painfully	 attractive.	 Maybe	 she
just	 needs	 to	 build	 up	 a	 tolerance.	 Even	 the	 best-looking	 men	 in	 the	 world—George
Clooney,	 Jon	 Hamm—might	 seem	 run-of-the-mill	 if	 you	 looked	 at	 them	 long	 enough.
“What	seat	are	you	in?”
“One-D,”	she	says.
“I’m	in	twelve-A,”	Shooter	says.	“I’m	going	to	ask	them	to	give	me	Benji’s	seat.”
“I’m	not	a	senior	vice	president	from	Prague,”	Celeste	says.	“You	don’t	have	to	babysit
me.”
“You’ve	been	dating	my	best	friend	for	nine	months,”	Shooter	says.	“I	want	to	get	to
know	you.	Hard	to	do	from	eleven	rows	away,	don’t	you	agree?”
“Agreed,”	Celeste	concedes.
They	sit	side	by	side	in	the	front	row	of	the	plane.	Shooter	lifts	Celeste’s	carry-on	into
the	overhead	compartment,	then	asks	if	she	would	prefer	the	window	or	the	aisle.	She	says
aisle.	 She	 realizes	 most	 people	 who	 have	 never	 flown	 before	 might	 want	 to	 sit	 at	 the
window	but	Celeste	is	terrified.	Shooter	waits	for	her	to	sit	down	and	then	he	sits.	He’s	a
gentleman,	 but	 then	 so	 is	 Benji.	 Benji	 is	 the	 ultimate	 gentleman.	 Benji	 stands	 whenever
Celeste	leaves	the	table	to	go	to	the	ladies’	room	and	he	stands	when	she	gets	back.	He
holds	doors,	he	carries	a	handkerchief,	he	never	interrupts.
Shooter	pulls	a	flask	out	of	his	back	pocket	and	hands	it	to	Celeste.	She	eyes	the	flask.
It’s	alcohol,	she	assumes,	but	what	kind?	She	is	far	too	cautious	a	person	to	drink	without
asking.	 But	 in	 the	 moment,	 she	 doesn’t	 feel	 like	 being	 cautious.	 She	 feels	 like	 being
daring.	 She	 accepts	 the	 flask	 and	 takes	 a	 swig:	 It’s	 tequila.	 Celeste	 drinks	 tequila	 only
when	she’s	with	Merritt,	although	personally	she	thinks	it	tastes	like	dirt.	This	tequila	is
smoother	than	most,	but	even	so	it	singes	her	throat.	However,	an	instant	later	the	tension
in	her	neck	disappears	and	her	jaw	loosens.	She	takes	another	slug.
“I	carry	that	because	I	hate	flying,”	Shooter	says.
“You?”	Celeste	says.	“But	don’t	you	fly	all	the	time?”
“Nearly	every	week,”	he	says.	“The	first	time	I	flew,	I	was	eight	years	old.	My	parents
were	sending	me	to	summer	camp	in	Vermont.”	He	leans	his	head	back	against	the	seat
and	 stares	 forward.	 “Every	 time	 I	 fly	 I	 have	 an	 atavistic	 reaction	 to	 the	 memory	 of	 that
day.	The	day	I	realized	my	parents	wanted	to	get	rid	of	me.”
“Were	you	a	very	naughty	child,	then?”	she	asks.	She	sounds	exactly	like	Merritt,	she
realizes.
“Oh,	probably,”	Shooter	says.
Celeste	hands	Shooter	back	the	flask.	He	smiles	sadly	and	takes	a	slug.

Later,	 Celeste	 will	 think	 back	 on	 the	 twenty	 hours	 she	 spent	 on	 Nantucket	 with	 Shooter
alone	as	the	kind	of	montage	they	show	in	movies.	Here’s	a	shot	of	the	airplane	bouncing
and	shaking	during	turbulence	and	Shooter	raising	the	window	shade	in	time	for	Celeste	to
see	 bolts	 of	 lightning	 on	 the	 horizon.	 Here	 is	 Shooter	 taking	 Celeste’s	 hand,	 Celeste
imagining	 her	 parents’	 reaction	 when	 they	 are	 informed	 that	 Celeste	 has	 died	 in	 a	 plane
crash.	 Here	 is	 the	 plane	 landing	 safely	 on	 Nantucket,	 passengers	 cheering,	 Shooter	 and
Celeste	executing	a	perfect	high-five.	Here	are	Shooter	and	Celeste	climbing	into	a	silver
Jeep	that	Shooter	has	rented.	The	sky	has	cleared,	the	top	of	the	Jeep	is	down,	and	Shooter
takes	 off	 down	 the	 road	 while	 Celeste’s	 blond	 hair	 blows	 behind	 her.	 Here	 is	 Elida,	 the
summer	 housekeeper,	 meeting	 Shooter	 and	 Celeste	 at	 the	 front	 door	 of	 the	 Winbury
property,	 known	 as	 Summerland,	 and	 informing	 them	 that	 Mr.	 and	 Mrs.	 Winbury	 have
also	been	detained	in	New	York	but	that	they	should	make	themselves	at	home;	she,	Elida,
will	return	in	the	morning.
Here	is	Celeste	acting	nonchalant	when	she	enters	the	house.	It’s	a	palace,	a	summer
palace,	like	the	monarchs	of	Russia	and	Austria	used	to	have.	The	ceilings	are	soaring,	the
rooms	 are	 open,	 bright,	 airy.	 The	 entire	 thing	 is	 white—white	 walls,	 white	 wainscoting,
whitewashed	 oak	 floors,	 a	 kitchen	 tiled	 in	 white	 with	 pure	 white	 Carrara	 marble
countertops—with	 stunning	 bursts	 of	 color	 here	 and	 there:	 paintings,	 pillows,	 fresh
flowers,	a	wooden	bowl	filled	with	lemons	and	Granny	Smith	apples.	Celeste	would	say
she	 can’t	 believe	 how	 glorious	 the	 house	 is,	 with	 its	 six	 bedrooms	 upstairs	 and	 master
suite	 downstairs;	 with	 its	 uninterrupted	 views	 of	 the	 harbor;	 with	 its	 glass-walled	 wine
cellar	off	the	casual	“friends’”	dining	room;	with	its	dark	rectangular	pool	and	Balinesestyle	pool	house;	with	its	two	guest	cottages,	tiny	and	perfect,	like	cottages	borrowed	from
a	fairy	tale;	with	its	round	rose	garden	in	the	middle	of	a	koi	pond,	a	garden	that	can	be
accessed	 only	 by	 a	 footbridge.	 Shooter	 gives	 Celeste	 the	 tour—he	 has	 been	 coming	 to
Summerland	since	he	was	fourteen	years	old,	over	half	his	life—and	hence	his	attitude	is
charmingly	proprietary.	He	tells	Celeste	that	he	used	to	have	a	terrific	crush	on	Greer	and
had	near	Oedipal	dreams	about	killing	Tag	and	marrying	her.
“Essentially	becoming	my	best	friend’s	stepfather,”	he	says.
Celeste	shrieks.	“Greer?”	Celeste	likes	Greer,	but	it’s	hard	to	imagine	her	as	the	object
of	teenage	lust.
“She	was	so	beautiful,”	Shooter	says.	“And	she	doted	on	me.	She	was	more	my	mother
than	my	own	mother.	I	think	she	would	probably	write	both	of	her	sons	out	of	the	will	and
leave	this	place	to	me	if	I	asked	her	nicely.”
Celeste	 laughs,	 but	 she’s	 beginning	 to	 believe	 that	 Shooter	 might	 have	 the	 ability	 to
disrupt	primogeniture	and	overturn	dynasties.
Here	is	Shooter	pouring	Celeste	a	glass	of	Greer’s	wine	and	opening	one	of	Tag’s	beers
for	 himself.	 Celeste	 feels	 like	 they’re	 teenagers	 throwing	 a	 party	 while	 their	 parents	 are
away.	 Here	 is	 Shooter	 opening	 a	 can	 of	 cocktail	 peanuts,	 then	 paging	 through	 the
Nantucket	 phone	 book	 and	 making	 a	 call	 behind	 closed	 doors.	 Here	 are	 Celeste	 and
Shooter	clinking	wine	glass	to	beer	bottle	as	they	sit	in	Adirondack	chairs	and	watch	the
sun	 go	 down.	 Here	 is	 Shooter	 going	 to	 the	 front	 door,	 paying	 the	 delivery	 boy,	 and

bringing	a	feast	into	the	kitchen.	He	has	ordered	two	lobster	dinners	complete	with	corn,
potatoes,	and	containers	of	melted	butter.
Celeste	says,	“I	thought	it	was	pizza.”
Shooter	says,	“We’re	on	Nantucket,	Sunshine.”
Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	after	dinner	and	after	several	shots	of	Tag’s	absurdly	fine
tequila	headed	to	town	in	a	taxi	to	the	Chicken	Box,	which	is	not	a	fast-food	restaurant	but
rather	a	dive	bar	with	live	music.	Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	dancing	in	the	front	row	to
a	cover	band	called	Maxxtone	who	play	“Wagon	Wheel,”	followed	by	“Sweet	Caroline.”
Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	pumping	their	fists	in	the	air,	chanting	“Bah-bah-bah!”	and
“So	good!	So	good!	So	good!”	Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	stumbling	out	of	the	Chicken
Box	and	into	another	taxi	that	takes	them	back	to	the	summer	palace.	It’s	one	thirty	in	the
morning,	which	is	later	than	Celeste	has	stayed	up	since	she	pulled	all-nighters	in	college,
but	instead	of	going	to	bed,	she	and	Shooter	wander	out	to	the	beach,	strip	down	to	their
underwear,	and	go	for	a	swim.
Here	is	Celeste	saying,	“I’m	so	drunk,	I’ll	probably	drown.”
“No,”	Shooter	says.	“I	would	never	let	that	happen.”
Here	is	Shooter	floating	on	his	back,	spouting	water	out	of	his	mouth.	Here	is	Celeste
floating	on	her	back,	staring	at	the	stars,	thinking	that	outer	space	is	a	mystery	but	not	as
much	of	a	mystery	as	the	universe	of	human	emotion.
Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	wandering	back	inside	the	house,	wrapped	in	navy-andwhite-striped	towels	that	Shooter	swiped	from	the	pool	house.	They	linger	in	the	kitchen.
Shooter	opens	the	refrigerator.	Elida	has	clearly	provisioned	for	the	weekend;	the	inside	of
the	Winburys’	refrigerator	looks	like	something	from	a	magazine	shoot.	There	are	half	a
dozen	kinds	of	cheese,	none	of	which	Celeste	recognizes,	so	she	picks	them	up	to	inspect:
Taleggio,	 Armenian	 string	 cheese,	 Emmentaler.	 There	 are	 sticks	 of	 cured	 sausage	 and
pepperoni.	There	is	a	small	tub	of	truffle	butter,	some	artisanal	hummus,	four	containers	of
olives	 in	 an	 ombré	 stack,	 from	 light	 purple	 to	 black.	 There	 are	 slabs	 of	 pâté	 and	 jars	 of
chutney	 that	 look	 like	 they	 were	 mailed	 directly	 from	 India.	 Celeste	 checks	 the	 labels:
Harrods.	Close	enough.
“Okay,	can	I	just	say?”	Celeste	puts	a	hand	on	Shooter’s	bare	back	and	he	turns	to	face
her.	The	two	of	them	are	illuminated	by	the	fluorescent	light	of	the	fridge	and	for	a	second
Celeste	has	the	sense	that	she	and	Shooter	are	curious	children	peering	into	a	previously
undiscovered	world,	like	the	young	protagonists	in	a	C.	S.	Lewis	novel.
“Yes?”
“In	my	house	growing	up,	if	I	wanted	a	snack?	There	was	a	tub	of	Philadelphia	cream
cheese.	And	I	spread	it	on	Triscuits.	If	my	mother	had	been	to	the	Amish	farmers’	market,
there	was	sometimes	pepper	jelly	to	put	on	top.”	Celeste	knows	she	must	be	deeply	and
profoundly	 drunk	 because	 she	 never,	 ever	 shares	 details	 about	 her	 life	 growing	 up.	 She
feels	like	a	fool.
“You	are	such	a	breath	of	fresh	air,”	Shooter	says.

Now	Celeste	feels	even	worse.	She	doesn’t	want	to	be	a	breath	of	fresh	air.	She	wants
to	be	devastating,	alluring,	irresistible.
But	wait—what	about	Benji?
It’s	 time	 to	 go	 to	 bed,	 she	 thinks.	 This	 is	 what	 she	 always	 suspected	 happened	 when
one	stayed	up	too	late;	reputations	were	shredded,	hopes	and	dreams	destroyed.	What	had
Mac	and	Betty	always	told	her?	Nothing	good	happens	after	midnight.
“And	also?”	Celeste	says.	“If	I	held	the	refrigerator	door	open	for	this	long?	I	would
have	been	scolded	for	wasting	energy.”
“Scolded?”	Shooter	says.
“Yes,	scolded.”	She	tries	to	frown	at	him.	“I’m	going	to	bed.”
“Absolutely	 not,”	 Shooter	 says.	 He	 regards	 the	 contents	 of	 the	 fridge,	 then	 grabs	 the
truffle	 butter.	 A	 rummage	 through	 the	 cabinet	 to	 the	 left	 of	 the	 fridge—he	 does	 know
where	everything	is,	Celeste	thinks,	just	like	he	owns	the	place—produces	a	long,	slender
box	of…	bread	sticks.	Rosemary	bread	sticks.	“Come	sit.”
Celeste	joins	Shooter	in	the	“casual”	dining	room	off	the	kitchen,	where	they	watch	the
glass	cube	of	the	wine	cellar	glow	like	a	spaceship.	Shooter	opens	the	box	of	bread	sticks
and	the	butter.
“Prepare	yourself,”	he	says.	“This	is	going	to	be	memorable.	Have	you	ever	had	truffle
butter?”
“No?”	Celeste	says.	She	knows	that	truffles	are	mushrooms—pigs	dig	them	out	of	the
ground	in	France	and	Italy—but	she	can’t	get	too	excited	about	mushroom	butter.	Nothing
about	 it	 sounds	 appetizing.	 Still,	 she	 is	 hungry	 enough	 to	 eat	 just	 about	 anything—the
lobster	dinner	seems	like	days	ago—so	she	accepts	a	reed-thin	bread	stick	with	a	dollop	of
butter	on	the	end.
She	bites	off	the	bottom	of	the	bread	stick	and	the	flavor	explodes	in	her	mouth.	She
whimpers	with	ecstasy.
“Pretty	good,	huh?”	Shooter	says.
Celeste	closes	her	eyes,	savoring	the	taste,	which	is	unlike	anything	she	has	ever	eaten.
It’s	rich,	complex,	earthy,	sexy.	She	swallows.	“I	can’t	believe	how…	good…	that	is.”
Here	are	Shooter	and	Celeste	eating	rosemary	bread	sticks	with	truffle	butter	until	the
butter	 is	 gone	 and	 only	 a	 few	 bread-stick	 stubs	 rattle	 around	 in	 the	 box.	 It	 was	 a
deceptively	simple	snack	but	Celeste	will	never,	ever	forget	it.
Here	 are	 Celeste	 and	 Shooter	 wandering	 upstairs.	 Celeste	 is	 sleeping	 in	 “Benji’s
room,”	 which	 is	 decorated	 in	 white,	 beige,	 and	 taupe,	 and	 Shooter	 is	 sleeping	 at	 the	 far
end	 of	 the	 hallway	 in	 “guest	 room	 3,”	 which	 is	 done	 in	 white,	 navy,	 and	 taupe.	 Celeste
checks	the	other	guest	rooms;	they’re	nearly	identical	and	she	wonders	if	people	new	to
the	house	like	herself	ever	wander	into	the	wrong	room	accidentally.	She	gives	Shooter	a
feeble	wave.

“I	guess	I’ll	call	it	a	night.”
“You	sure	about	that?”	Shooter	says.
Celeste	thinks	for	a	second.	Is	she	sure	about	that?	They	have	pressed	to	the	edge	of	a
platonic	 relationship;	 there’s	 nothing	 left	 they	 can	 do	 while	 maintaining	 their	 innocence
other	than	maybe	go	down	to	the	game	room	and	play	Scrabble.
“I’m	sure	about	that,”	she	says.
“Sunshine,”	Shooter	says.
She	 looks	 at	 him.	 His	 eyes	 hold	 her	 hostage;	 she	 can’t	 look	 away.	 He’s	 asking	 her
without	saying	anything.	They	are	the	only	ones	here.	No	one	would	ever	know.
Amid	the	battle	going	on	in	her	mind—her	fervent	desire	versus	her	sense	of	right	and
wrong—she	thinks	of	the	age-old	philosophical	question:	If	a	tree	falls	in	the	forest	and
nobody’s	there	to	hear	it,	does	it	still	make	a	sound?	That	question,	Celeste	realizes,	isn’t
about	 a	 tree	 at	 all.	 It’s	 about	 what’s	 happening	 right	 here,	 right	 now.	 If	 she	 sleeps	 with
Shooter	and	it	remains	unknown	to	anyone	but	the	two	of	them,	did	it	even	really	happen?
Yes,	she	thinks.	She	would	never	be	the	same.	And	she	hopes	that	Shooter	wouldn’t	be
the	same	either.
“Good	night,”	she	says.	She	kisses	him	on	the	cheek	and	retreats	down	the	hall.
Here	are	Shooter	and	Celeste	the	next	morning	riding	two	bikes	from	the	Winburys’	fleet
of	Schwinns	into	town	to	the	Petticoat	Row	Bakery,	where	they	get	giant	iced	coffees	and
two	ham	and	Gruyère	croissants,	which	ooze	nutty	melted	cheese	and	butter	as	they	pick
them	 apart	 on	 a	 bench	 on	 Centre	 Street.	 Here	 is	 Shooter	 buying	 Celeste	 a	 bouquet	 of
wildflowers	 from	 a	 farm	 truck	 on	 Main	 Street,	 a	 pointless,	 extravagant	 gesture	because
Tag	and	Greer’s	house	is	set	among	lush	gardens	and	the	house	is	filled	with	fresh	flowers.
Celeste	reminds	him	of	this	and	he	says,	“Yes,	but	none	of	those	flowers	are	from	me.	I
want	you	to	look	at	this	bouquet	and	know	just	how	besotted	I	am	with	you.”
Besotted,	 she	 thinks.	 It’s	 a	 peculiar	 word,	 old-fashioned	 and	 British-sounding.	 But
Benji	is	the	British	one,	not	Shooter.	Somewhere	in	all	the	sharing	of	last	night,	Celeste
learned	 that	 Shooter	 is	 from	 Palm	 Beach,	 Florida.	 Shooter	 was	 shipped	 off	 to	 summer
camp	at	age	eight	and	to	boarding	school	a	few	years	after	that.	Shooter’s	father	died	when
Shooter	was	a	junior	at	St.	George’s.
“And	 that	 was	 when	 the	 wheels	 fell	 off	 the	 bus,”	 Shooter	 said.	 “My	 father	 had	 been
married	twice	before	and	had	other	kids	and	those	other	Uxleys	swooped	in	and	claimed
everything.	My	one	brother,	Mitch,	agreed	to	pay	my	final	year	of	tuition	at	St.	George’s
but	I	had	no	discretionary	income	so	I	started	running	a	dice	game	at	school.	There	was	no
money	for	college	so	I	moved	to	DC,	where	I	worked	as	a	bartender.	Eventually	I	found	a
high-stakes	 poker	 game	 where	 I	 met	 diplomats,	 lobbyists,	 and	 a	 bunch	 of	 foreign
businessmen.	Which	led	me	to	my	present	venture.”
“What	happened	to	your	mother?”	Celeste	asked.
“She	died,”	Shooter	said.	Then	he	shook	his	head	and	Celeste	knew	not	to	ask	anything

further.
Besotted.	What	does	he	mean	by	that,	exactly?	There’s	no	time	to	ponder	because	he’s
leading	 her	 down	 the	 street	 toward	 the	 Bartlett’s	 Farm	 truck.	 He	 buys	 three	 hothouse
tomatoes	and	a	loaf	of	Portuguese	bread.
“Tomatoes,	mayonnaise,	good	white	bread,”	he	says.	“My	favorite	summer	sandwich.”
Celeste	raises	a	skeptical	eyebrow.	She	was	raised	on	cold	cuts—turkey,	ham,	salami,
roast	beef.	Her	parents	may	have	struggled	with	money	but	there	was	always	meat	piled
high	on	her	sandwiches.
Celeste	 changes	 her	 tune,	 however,	 when	 she	 is	 sitting	 poolside	 in	 one	 of	 her	 new
bikinis	and	Shooter	brings	her	his	favorite	sandwich.	The	bread	has	been	toasted	golden
brown;	the	slices	of	tomato	are	thick	and	juicy,	seasoned	with	sea	salt	and	freshly	ground
pepper,	and	there	is	exactly	the	right	amount	of	mayonnaise	to	make	the	sandwich	tangy
and	luscious.
“What	do	you	think?”	he	asks.	“Pretty	good,	huh?”
She	shrugs	and	takes	another	bite.
They	are	lying	side	by	side	on	chaises	in	the	afternoon	sun,	the	pool	cool	and	dark	before
them.	The	pool	has	a	subtle	waterfall	feature	at	one	end	that	makes	what	Celeste	thinks	of
as	 water	 music,	 a	 lullaby	 that	 threatens	 to	 put	 her	 to	 sleep	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 a	 very
important	conversation.	She	and	Shooter	are	picking	the	best	song	by	every	classic	rock
performer	they	can	think	of.
“Rolling	Stones,”	Shooter	says.	“‘Ruby	Tuesday.’”
“‘Beast	of	Burden,’”	Celeste	says.
“Ooooooh,”	Shooter	says.	“Good	call.”
“David	Bowie,”	Celeste	says.	“‘Changes.’”
“I’m	a	‘Modern	Love’	guy,”	Shooter	says.
Celeste	shakes	her	head.	“Can’t	stand	it.”
“Dire	Straits,”	Shooter	says.	“‘Romeo	and	Juliet.’”	He	reaches	his	foot	over	to	nudge
her	leg.	“Wake	up.	Dire	Straits.”
She	likes	the	song	about	roller	girl.	She’s	making	movies	on	location,	she	don’t	know
what	it	means.	 Celeste	 is	 sinking	 behind	 her	 closed	 eyelids.	 Sinking	 down.	 What	 is	 the
name	of	that	song?	She	can’t…	remember.
Celeste	wakes	up	to	someone	calling	her	name.
Celeste!	Earth	to	Celeste!
She	opens	her	eyes	and	looks	at	the	chaise	next	to	hers.	Empty.	She	squints.	Across	the
pool	she	sees	a	man	in	half	a	suit—pants,	shirt,	tie.	It’s	Benji.	Benji	is	here.	Celeste	sits	up.
She	straightens	her	bikini	top.

“Hey	there,”	Celeste	says,	but	the	tone	of	her	voice	has	changed.	Her	heart	isn’t	in	it.
“Hey,”	Benji	says.	He	moves	Shooter’s	towel	aside	and	sits	on	Shooter’s	chaise.	“How
are	you?	How	has	it	been?”
“I’m	fine,”	Celeste	says.	“It’s	been…	fine.”
Celeste	 tries	 to	 think	 of	 details	 she	 can	 share:	 lobster	 dinner,	 “Sweet	 Caroline,”
swimming	in	her	bra	and	panties	under	the	stars	way	past	her	bedtime,	truffle	butter,	a	tree
falls	in	the	forest?
No.
A	bike	ride	with	the	morning	sun	on	her	face,	a	bouquet	of	snapdragons,	cosmos,	and
zinnias,	tomato	sandwiches?
The	name	of	the	song	comes	to	her.
“‘Skateaway,’”	she	says.
“Excuse	me?”	Benji	says.
Celeste	blinks	rapidly.	Her	field	of	vision	is	swimming	with	bright,	amorphous	blobs,
as	though	she’s	been	staring	at	the	sun.

Friday,	July	6,	2018,	11:15	p.m.

KAREN

She	takes	an	oxy,	brushes	her	teeth,	and	puts	on	a	nightgown	only	to	take	the	nightgown
off	right	before	she	slides	into	bed.	The	sheets	are	Belgian,	Celeste	said,	seven-hundredthread-count	cotton,	which	is	the	very	best.	The	bed	is	dressed	in	a	white	down	comforter,
an	 ivory	 cashmere	 blanket,	 these	 white	 cotton	 sheets	 with	 a	 scalloped	 edge,	 and	 a
mountain	 of	 pillows,	 each	 as	 soft	 as	 a	 dollop	 of	 whipped	 cream.	 Karen	 places	 them	 all
around	her	and	sinks	in.	It’s	like	sleeping	on	a	cloud.	Will	heaven	be	like	sleeping	in	one
of	Summerland’s	guest	beds?	She	can	only	hope.
She	drifts	off,	her	pain	at	bay.
She	wakes	up	with	a	start—Celeste!	Celeste!	She	reaches	an	arm	out	to	feel	for	Bruce	but
the	other	side	of	the	bed	is	cool	and	empty.	Karen	checks	the	bedside	clock:	11:46.	Quarter
to	twelve	and	Bruce	hasn’t	come	to	bed	yet?	Karen	feels	annoyed	at	first,	then	hurt.	She
realizes	 her	 naked	 body	 is	 no	 longer	 appealing,	 but	 she	 had	 thought	 maybe	 something
would	happen	tonight.	She	wants	to	feel	close	to	Bruce	one	more	time.
She	struggles	to	catch	her	breath.	She	was	having	a	dream,	a	nightmare,	about	Celeste.
Celeste	was…	somewhere	unfamiliar…	a	hotel	with	unnumbered	floors,	different	levels,
some	of	which	led	to	dead	ends;	it	was	a	confusing	maze	of	a	place.	Celeste	kept	calling
out	but	Karen	couldn’t	get	to	her.	Celeste	had	something	to	tell	her,	something	she	needed
Karen	to	know.
Celeste	doesn’t	want	to	marry	Benji,	Karen	thinks.	That	is	the	stark	truth.
Involuntarily,	the	psychic’s	word	comes	to	her:	Chaos.
Part	 of	 Karen	 believes	 Celeste	 should	 go	 through	 with	 the	 wedding	 anyway.	 So	 she
isn’t	madly	in	love	with	Benji.	Possibly	she	feels	only	a	fraction	of	what	Karen	feels	for
Bruce,	or	possibly	it’s	a	different	emotion	altogether.	Karen	wants	to	tell	Celeste	to	make
the	best	of	her	situation,	a	situation	any	other	young	woman	would	kill	to	find	herself	in.
Celeste	and	Benji	don’t	have	to	be	a	perfect	couple.	Really,	there	is	no	such	thing.
But	 then	 Karen	 stops	 herself.	 It	 is	 only	 the	 most	 selfish	 of	 women	 who	 would
encourage	 their	 daughters	 to	 marry	 people	 they	 don’t	 love.	 What	 Karen	 must	 do—now,
she	 realizes,	 now—is	 give	 Celeste	 permission	 to	 back	 out.	 There	 are	 170	 people
descending	 on	 Summerland	 tomorrow	 for	 a	 wedding	 unlike	 any	 other;	 over	 a	 hundred
thousand	dollars	has	been	spent	on	these	nuptials,	perhaps	even	twice	that.	But	no	amount
of	money	or	logistics	is	worth	a	lifetime	of	settling.	Karen	must	find	Celeste	now.
Finding	 Celeste,	 however,	 suddenly	 seems	 arduous.	 Will	 a	 phone	 call	 suffice?	 Karen
picks	up	her	cell	phone	and	dials	Celeste’s	number.	The	call	goes	to	voice	mail.
This	is	the	universe	telling	Karen	that	a	phone	call	will	not	suffice.	Celeste	turns	her

phone	off	when	she	goes	to	bed;	she	must	be	asleep.
Gingerly,	Karen	lowers	her	feet	to	the	floor	and	stands.	She	finds	her	cane	and	hoists
herself	up.	The	oxy	is	still	working;	she	feels	strong	and	steady	with	purpose.	She	wraps
herself	in	the	robe	and	ventures	out	into	the	hallway.
If	Karen’s	memory	serves,	Benji’s	room,	where	Celeste	is	staying	alone	tonight,	is	the
second	door	on	the	left.	The	hallway	has	subtle	lighting	along	the	baseboard	so	Karen	can
see	where	to	plant	her	cane	as	she	pads	down	the	hall.	When	she	reaches	the	door,	she	taps
lightly.	 She	 doesn’t	 want	 to	 wake	 the	 whole	 house	 up	 but	 neither	 does	 she	 want	 to
interrupt	anything.
There	 is	 no	 answer.	 Karen	 presses	 her	 ear	 to	 the	 door.	 In	 their	 house	 on	 Derhammer
Street,	 the	 doors	 are	 hollow-core.	 Here	 they	 are	 true,	 solid	 wood,	 impossible	 to	 hear
through.	Karen	eases	the	door	open.
“Celeste?”	she	says.	“Honey?”
The	room	is	silent.	Karen	gropes	for	the	switch	and	turns	on	the	light.	The	bed	is	made
up	 just	 as	 Karen’s	 is—comforter,	 cashmere	 blanket,	 a	 host	 of	 pillows.	 Celeste	 hasn’t
gotten	home	yet,	then.	Or	maybe	she	decided	to	join	Merritt	in	the	cottage	so	they	can	stay
up	gossiping	and	giggling	on	Celeste’s	last	night	as	a	single	woman.	But	somehow	Karen
doubts	that.	Celeste	has	never	been	a	gossiper	or	a	giggler.	She	never	had	close	girlfriends
growing	 up,	 which	 used	 to	 worry	 Karen,	 even	 as	 she	 loved	 being	 Celeste’s	 closest
confidante.
Karen	 gazes	 upon	 the	 white	 silk	 column	 wedding	 dress	 hanging	 on	 the	 back	 of	 the
closet	 door.	 It’s	 a	 dress	 from	 a	 dream,	 ideally	 suited	 to	 Celeste’s	 simple	 tastes	 and	 her
classic	beauty.
But…	she	won’t	be	wearing	it	tomorrow.	Karen	sighs,	turns	off	the	light,	and	closes	the
door.
As	 Karen	 heads	 back	 down	 the	 dark	 hallway,	 she	 feels	 a	 growing	 irritation.	 Where	 is
everyone?	Karen	has	been	left	all	alone	in	this	house.	She	wonders	if	this	is	what	it	feels
like	to	be	dead.
Stairs	are	tricky	with	a	cane.	Karen	decides	she	feels	strong	enough	to	leave	her	cane
behind.	She	takes	the	stairs	slowly,	gripping	the	rail,	and	thinks	about	the	leftover	lobster
tails	 stashed	 in	 the	 fridge.	 The	 idea	 of	 them	 is	 enticing	 but	 she	 can’t	 make	 herself	 feel
hungry.	 The	 only	 thing	 she	 craves	 right	 now	 is	 a	 meaningful	 conversation	 with	 her
daughter,	and	her	husband’s	body	next	to	her	in	their	bed.
Karen	hears	distant	voices	and	she	smells	smoke.	She	tiptoes	along,	reaching	out	for
the	 wall	 when	 she	 needs	 to	 steady	 herself.	 She	 hears	 Bruce’s	 voice.	 When	 she	 turns	 the
corner,	she	can	see	two	figures	out	on	a	deck—not	the	main	deck	but	a	horseshoe-shaped
deck	off	to	the	right,	one	Karen	hasn’t	noticed	before.	She	wedges	herself	behind	a	sofa
and	peers	behind	the	drapes.	Bruce	and	Tag	are	sitting	on	the	edge	of	this	deck,	smoking
cigars	and	drinking	what	she	thinks	must	be	scotch.	She	can	hear	their	voices	but	not	what
they’re	saying.

She	 should	 either	 go	 back	 to	 bed	 or	 find	 her	 daughter.	 But	 instead,	 Karen	 quietly
cranks	open	the	window.	In	a	fine	house	like	this	one,	the	crank	is	smooth.	The	window
opens	silently.
Tag	says,	“There	hasn’t	been	anyone	serious	before	this.	Just	casual	stuff,	when	I	was
traveling.	A	woman	in	Stockholm,	one	in	Dublin.	But	this	girl	was	different.	And	now	I’m
trapped.	She’s	pregnant	and	she’s	keeping	the	baby.	She	says.”
Bruce	shakes	his	head,	throws	back	a	swallow	of	scotch.	He	must	be	very,	very	drunk
after	an	evening	of	mojitos,	champagne,	and	now	scotch.	At	home,	all	Bruce	ever	drinks	is
beer—Bud	Light	or	Yuengling.	When	Bruce	speaks,	his	words	are	slurred.	“So	whaddaya
go’	do,	then,	my	friend?”
“I’m	not	sure.	I	need	her	to	listen	to	reason.	But	she’s	stubborn.”	Tag	studies	the	lit	end
of	his	cigar,	then	looks	at	Bruce.	“So,	anyway,	now	I’ve	told	you	my	war	story.	How	about
you?	Have	you	ever	stepped	out	on	Mrs.	Otis?”
“Naw,	man,”	Bruce	says.	“Not	like	that.”
Karen	 takes	 a	 deep	 breath.	 She	 should	 not	 be	 eavesdropping;	 this	 is	 a	 conversation
between	 men,	 and	 now	 she	 has	 heard	 Tag	 confess	 he	 has	 gotten	 someone	 pregnant—
probably	that	Featherleigh	woman!—and	what	a	mess	that	will	turn	out	to	be!	Karen	feels
a	little	better	about	the	last-minute	canceling	of	the	wedding.	The	Winbury	family	isn’t	at
all	what	she	thought.
“But	I	did	have	a	crush	on	this	chick	once,”	Bruce	says.	“A	real	intense	crush.”
Karen	is	so	shocked	she	nearly	cries	out.	The	pain	is	instant	and	rude.	A	crush?	A	real
intense	crush?
“Oh	yeah?”	Tag	says.
“Yeah,	yeah,	yeah,”	Bruce	says.	He’s	drunk,	Karen	reminds	herself.	He	hasn’t	had	this
much	to	drink	maybe	ever.	He	is	probably	making	up	a	story	to	impress	Tag	Winbury.
“She	worked	with	me	at	Neiman	Marcus,”	Bruce	says.	“At	first	we	were	all	business.
In	fact,	I	didn’t	even	like	her	that	much.	She	was	uppity.	She	came	to	my	store	from	New
York	City,	from	Bergdorf	Goodman,	where	she	worked	in	shoes.”
Bergdorf’s.	Shoes.	Yes,	Karen	vaguely	recalls	someone…	but	who	was	it?
“Oh	yeah?”	Tag	says	again.
“Then	 we	 became	 friends.	 We’d	 take	 our	 dinner	 break	 together.	 She	 had	 a	 different
perspective	 on	 the	 world	 and	 it	 was…	 I	 don’t	 know…	 refreshing,	 I	 guess,	 to	 talk	 to
someone	 who	 had	 been	 places	 and	 done	 things.	 This	 was	 right	 after	 Celeste	 left	 for
college,	and	I’m	not	going	to	lie,	it	was	like	a	midlife	crisis	for	both	me	and	Karen.	Karen
hates	to	shop,	hates	to	spend	money	on	frivolous	things,	but	she	started	going	to	all	these
trunk	 shows,	 Tupperware	 parties,	 something	 called	 the	 Pampered	 Chef.	 And	 I	 took	 on
more	night	shifts	so	that	I	could	be	with	this	other	woman.”
Karen	feels	her	heart	pop,	like	a	tire	sliced	by	a	granite	curb,	like	a	balloon	drifting	into

a	thorny	rosebush.	There’s	a	concussion	in	her	chest.	She	can’t	believe	she’s	hearing	this.
Now,	 in	 her	 final	 days,	 she	 is	 learning	 that	 the	 man	 she	 has	 spent	 her	 whole	 life	 loving
once	harbored	feelings	for	another	woman.
Karen	 tries	 to	 calm	 herself.	 A	 crush	 is	 nothing.	 A	 crush	 is	 harmless.	 Hasn’t	 Karen
herself	 had	 crushes	 on	 people—the	 young	 man	 who	 worked	 in	 the	 produce	 section	 of
Wegman’s,	 for	 example?	 She	 used	 to	 give	 him	 a	 little	 wave	 and	 if	 he	 waved	 or	 smiled
back	she	would	float	through	the	store,	sometimes	so	giddy	that	she	would	buy	treats	she
shouldn’t	have—white	chocolate	Magnum	bars,	for	example.
“Did	you	two	ever…”	Tag	asks.
“No,”	 Bruce	 says.	 “I	 thought	 about	 it,	 though.	 It	 was	 a	 confusing	 time	 in	 my	 life.	 I
can’t	tell	you	how	much	it	turned	my	whole	world	upside	down.	I	had	spent	my	entire	life
feeling	like	one	person	and	then	suddenly	I	felt	like	someone	else.”
“Tell	me	about	it,”	Tag	says.	“What	was	her	name?”
“Robin,”	Tag	says.	“Robin	Swain.”
Karen	does	gasp—loudly—but	neither	Tag	nor	Bruce	hears	her.	They	just	puff	away	on
their	cigars.	Karen	feels	her	insides	turn	to	liquid.	She	has	to	sit	down.	She	frantically	tries
to	arrange	the	drapes	back	as	she	found	them	and	she	clambers	out	from	behind	the	sofa.
She	should	go	back	to	her	room.	She	can’t	have	Bruce	finding	her	here.	If	he	knew	she
had	been	eavesdropping	he	would…	vaporize.
Robin	Swain.	No.	Please,	God,	no.
She	 can’t	 make	 it	 back	 up	 the	 stairs.	 She	 sits	 on	 the	 sofa	 but	 feels	 too	 exposed.	 She
would	slide	down	to	the	floor	but	she’ll	never	be	able	to	get	back	up.	She	looks	around	the
room	 in	 a	 wild	 panic.	 Suddenly,	 she	 hates	 the	 house,	 its	 luxurious	 furnishings,	 the
ostensible	 kindness	 of	 the	 Winburys,	 which	 now	 seems	 like	 a	 masked	 cruelty.	 Why	 on
earth	would	Tag	ask	Bruce	such	a	heinous	question?
Why	would	Bruce	give	such	an	answer?
Robin	Swain.
What	did	Bruce	mean	by	that?
But	 Karen	 knows	 what	 he	 meant.	 And	 that’s	 why	 she’s	 reacting	 this	 way.	 She	 knew
there	 was	 something	 unusual	 about	 Bruce’s	 friendship	 with	 Robin.	 But	 of	 course	 it	 was
inconceivable,	unthinkable.	It	made	no	sense.
Karen	steadies	herself.	Bruce	is	drunk,	she	thinks.	He	made	up	a	story	for	Tag,	out	of
machismo.	He	used	Robin	Swain’s	name	because	it	was	the	first	that	came	to	mind.	Karen
shouldn’t	 put	 any	 stock	 in	 what	 she	 just	 heard.	 She	 should	 go	 to	 bed.	 She	 manages	 to
make	her	way	back	to	the	entry	hall	and	climbs	the	stairs.
Once	in	her	room,	she	takes	an	oxy.	She	takes	two.	Then	she	climbs	into	bed,	still	in
her	robe.	She’s	shivering.
An	intense	crush	on	Robin	Swain.	They	shared	dinners;	Bruce	worked	nights	so	they

could	be	together.	A	confusing	time	in	his	life.	A	midlife	crisis.
Well,	yes,	Karen	thinks.	This	is	confusing.
Robin	Swain	is	a	man.
It	was	September,	right	after	Celeste	left	for	college.	Karen	and	Bruce	had	rented	a	U-Haul
and	 driven	 her	 all	 the	 way	 across	 Pennsylvania	 and	 nearly	 all	 the	 way	 across	 Ohio	 to
Oxford,	 which	 was	 only	 five	 miles	 from	 the	 Indiana	 border.	 They	 had	 helped	 her	 move
into	her	dorm	room	in	Hahne	Hall,	they	had	met	her	roommate,	Julia,	and	Julia’s	parents.
Karen	and	Bruce	had	attended	the	opening	address	by	the	college	president	and	then	they
returned	with	Celeste	to	her	room,	both	Bruce	and	Karen	at	loose	ends,	unsure	of	how	to
say	 good-bye.	 Eventually,	 Celeste	 decided	 to	 go	 to	 dinner	 at	 the	 Kona	 Bistro	 with	 Julia
and	her	parents;	she	had	left	Karen	and	Bruce	alone	in	her	room.	Karen	had	thought	about
simply	moving	in	or	renting	an	apartment	down	the	street,	and	she’s	sure	Bruce	did	too.
Neither	of	them	had	said	much	on	the	drive	home.
A	 week	 or	 two	 later,	 Bruce	 had	 come	 home	 talking	 about	 a	 new	 colleague,	 Robin
Swain.	He	was	a	man	about	Bruce’s	age	who	had	transferred	in	from	the	shoe	department
of	 Bergdorf’s.	 Robin	 had	 grown	 up	 in	 Opelika,	 Alabama,	 and	 had	 started	 college	 at
Auburn	but	hadn’t	finished.	He’d	always	wanted	to	go	to	New	York	City	so	he	saved	his
money	and	bought	a	bus	ticket.	He	was	first	hired	at	Bergdorf’s	to	work	in	the	stockroom.
Initially,	Bruce	complained	about	Robin.	He	might	have	come	from	a	small	town,	but
working	in	Manhattan	had	given	him	an	attitude.	He	disparaged	the	King	of	Prussia	store,
the	 mall,	 the	 entire	 Delaware	 Valley.	 It	 was	 nowhere	 near	 as	 sophisticated	 as	 New	 York
City,	he	said.	The	area	was	permanently	stuck	in	1984,	back	when	the	Philadelphia	sports
teams	were	good	and	perms	were	in	fashion	and	everyone	listened	to	Springsteen.	Robin
himself	listened	to	country	music.
But	 over	 the	 course	 of	 a	 few	 weeks,	 Karen	 noted	 a	 shift.	 Bruce	 started	 to	 talk	 more
favorably	about	Robin.	One	of	the	shirts	that	Bruce	came	home	to	model	for	Karen	was
something	that	Robin	had	picked	out	for	him.	Now	that	Karen	thinks	back,	that	was	when
Bruce’s	 sock	 fetish	 started.	 Robin	 loved	 flashy	 socks,	 and	 soon	 after,	 Bruce	 adopted	 the
affectation;	he	wore	rainbow	socks,	zebra	socks,	socks	printed	with	the	likeness	of	Elvis.
He	bought	a	CD	called	When	the	Sun	Goes	Down	by	Kenny	Chesney	and	started	singing
the	song	all	the	damn	time.	Everything	gets	hotter	when	the	sun	goes	down.
One	 night,	 Bruce	 invited	 Robin	 home	 for	 dinner.	 This	 had	 struck	 Karen	 as	 a	 bit
strange.	She	and	Bruce	rarely	had	guests	for	dinner,	and	the	town	of	Collegeville,	where
Robin	 was	 renting	 an	 apartment,	 was	 over	 an	 hour	 away.	 It	 was	 impractical.	 If	 Bruce
wanted	to	have	dinner	with	Robin,	he	should	do	so	at	the	mall.
But	Bruce	had	insisted.	He	had	instructed	Karen	what	to	cook—her	Betty	Crocker	pot
roast	with	potatoes	and	carrots,	a	green	salad	(not	iceberg	lettuce,	he	said),	and	snowflake
rolls.	He	would	pick	up	wine	on	the	way	home,	he	said.
Wine?	 Karen	 had	 thought.	 They	 never,	 ever	 drank	 wine	 with	 dinner.	 They	 drank	 ice
water,	and	Bruce,	occasionally,	a	beer.

When	 Bruce	 and	 Robin	 walked	 in,	 they	 had	 been	 laughing	 at	 something,	 but	 they
sobered	 up	 when	 they	 saw	 Karen.	 Robin	 was	 tall,	 wearing	 an	 expensive-looking	 blue
blazer,	a	white	shirt,	navy	pants,	a	brown	leather	belt	with	a	silver	H	buckle.	He	wore	light
blue	 socks	 patterned	 with	 white	 clouds,	 which	 Bruce	 proudly	 showed	 off	 to	 Karen	 by
lifting	 Robin’s	 pants	 at	 the	 knee.	 Robin	 had	 a	 receding	 hairline,	 brown	 eyes,	 a	 slight
Southern	 drawl.	 Had	 Karen	 thought	 gay	 when	 she	 saw	 him?	 She	 can’t	 remember.	 Her
overarching	emotion	at	dinner	was	jealousy.	Bruce	and	Robin	talked	between	themselves
—about	the	merchandise,	about	the	clientele,	about	their	co-workers.	With	each	change	of
topic,	Robin	tried	to	include	Karen,	but	maybe	Karen’s	responses	were	so	frosty	that	he
stopped	trying.	She	hadn’t	meant	to	be	unkind	to	Robin	but	she	had	felt	blindsided	by	his
presence.	 Her	 mind	 kept	 returning	 to	 the	 sight	 of	 Bruce	 lifting	 Robin’s	 pant	 leg	 at	 the
knee.	The	gesture	had	seemed	so	familiar,	nearly	intimate.
She	had	chalked	up	her	conflicting	emotions	to	the	fact	that	Celeste	had	left	and	now	it
was	just	Karen	and	Bruce,	and	Bruce	had	gone	out	and	found	a	friend	at	work.	Which	was
fine.	 After	 all,	 Karen	 had	 friends	 at	 the	 Crayola	 factory	 gift	 shop.	 She	 was	 friends	 with
nearly	everyone!	But	there	was	no	one	special,	no	one	she	would	invite	home	to	dinner,	no
one	she	would	talk	to	and	laugh	with	and	in	so	doing	make	Bruce	feel	irrelevant.
After	dinner,	Bruce	had	suggested	Robin	help	him	with	the	dishes	so	that	Karen	could
put	her	feet	up.	When	had	Karen	ever	put	her	feet	up?	Never,	that’s	when.	But	she	knew
how	to	take	a	hint.	She	bade	Robin	good-bye	and	Bruce	a	good	night	and	she	had	stormed
upstairs	to	lie	angrily	on	the	bed	and	listen	to	the	two	men	washing	and	drying	the	dishes
and	 finishing	 the	 wine	 and	 then	 stepping	 out	 onto	 the	 back	 porch	 to	 talk	 about	 heaven
knows	what.
Karen	feels	the	oxy	gripping	her	by	the	shoulders,	then	there	is	a	great	release	as	the
pain	falls	away.
Bruce	 had	 an	 intense	 crush	 on	 Robin.	 A	 man.	 It	 was	 a	 confusing	 time,	 he	 said.
Suddenly	I	felt	like	someone	else,	he	said.
To	 Karen,	 it’s	 a	 nuclear	 confession.	 Her	 husband,	 her	 state	 champion	 wrestler,	 her
hungry	 wolf	 in	 bed	 had	 had	 feelings	 for	 another	 man,	 feelings	 he	 obviously	 isn’t
comfortable	acknowledging	because	to	Tag,	he	changed	Robin’s	gender	to	female.
Robin	 worked	 at	 Neiman	 Marcus	 only	 through	 the	 holidays	 that	 year.	 By	 the	 time
Celeste	 returned	 to	 Oxford	 after	 Christmas	 break,	 Robin	 had	 been	 transferred	 to	 the
Neiman	Marcus	flagship	store	in	Dallas.	Had	Bruce	been	upset?	Heartbroken,	even?	If	so,
he’d	hid	it	well.
Bruce	had	a	secret,	an	intense	crush.	He	never	acted	on	it;	this,	Karen	believes.
And	Karen	has	a	secret	of	her	own:	the	three	pills	in	the	bottle,	among	the	oxy.
Karen	issues	Bruce	a	silent	pardon—it	had	been	a	confusing	time.	And,	as	Karen	had
wanted	to	tell	Celeste,	there	is	no	such	thing	as	a	perfect	couple.
Karen	will	tell	Celeste	this	in	the	morning.	She	closes	her	eyes.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	12:45	p.m.

NANTUCKET

Nick	“the	Greek”	Diamantopoulos	is	driving	from	333	Monomoy	Road	to	the	Nantucket
Cottage	 Hospital,	 where	 he	 is	 finally	 going	 to	 talk	 to	 the	 bride.	 She	 wants	 to	 be
interviewed	 at	 the	 hospital,	 and	 Nick	 hopes	 this	 means	 she	 has	 real	 information.	 He’s
eager	to	find	out,	but	when	he	rolls	around	the	rotary,	he	catches	the	scent	of	Lola	Burger
through	his	open	window	and	the	smell	is	too	much	to	resist.	One	thing	about	Nantucket,
Nick	thinks,	the	food	is	top-notch.	Even	the	burger	joints.	Nick	pulls	into	takeout	parking
and	races	inside	to	charm	Marva,	the	hostess,	who	scores	him	a	medium-rare	Lolaburger
(aged	cheddar,	onion	compote,	foie	gras	dipping	sauce)	with	a	side	of	fries.	Nick	leaves
Marva	a	nice	big	tip	and	she	says,	“Don’t	be	a	stranger,	Greek	man.	Come	back	and	see
me!”
Nick	hops	back	in	his	car,	stuffing	fries	in	his	mouth.
At	the	hospital,	the	Greek	is	greeted	by	a	trio	of	nurses—Margaret,	Suzanne,	and	Patty.
Nick	has	been	on	dates	with	both	Suzanne	and	Patty—nothing	serious,	just	fun.	He	smiles
at	all	three	and	says,	“Where	am	I	going	and	what	do	I	need	to	know?”
Patty	 links	 her	 arm	 through	 his	 and	 leads	 him	 down	 the	 hall	 to	 an	 exam	 room.	 “She
came	in	early	this	morning	and	we	treated	her	for	hysteria	slash	panic	attack,	meaning	we
took	her	vitals	and	gave	her	some	Valium	to	calm	her	down.	She	slept	for	a	little	while.	I
wish	there	were	something	more	we	could	do.	Her	best	friend	drowned	out	in	front	of	the
house?	And	Celeste	found	her?	On	her	wedding	day?”
“Wedding	was	canceled,”	Nick	says.	“Obviously.”
“Obviously.”
“The	deceased	was	the	maid	of	honor,”	Nick	says.
“That’s	what	Celeste	told	me,”	Patty	says.	She	gives	a	dry	laugh.	“Maybe	she	didn’t
like	the	dress.”
Nick	shakes	his	head.	He	can’t	make	a	joke	at	Merritt’s	expense.	He	just	can’t.
“What	happened	when	the	groom	showed	up	here?”	he	asks.
“That	was	about	an	hour	ago.	Seemed	like	a	nice	guy.	He	was	worried	about	Celeste
and	he	expected	to	take	her	home.	He	was	in	her	room	for	about	ten	minutes,	then	he	left.
And	she	asked	to	speak	to	you.”
“Okay,	Patty.	Thank	you.	It’s	okay	if	I	question	her	in	here?”
“Sure,”	Patty	says.	“One	strange	thing?	Celeste	came	with	a	bag	packed.	I’m	just	not
sure	what	to	make	of	that.	When	I	asked	her	about	it,	she	started	to	cry,	so	I	let	it	be.”

“Okay,”	Nick	says.	That	is	strange,	but	there’s	probably	an	explanation.
“My	shift	ends	at	three,”	Patty	says.	“Call	me	if	you	want	to	get	together	tonight.”
The	idea	is	tempting,	but	he	knows	he	won’t	relax	until	he	cracks	this	case.	Hopefully
the	bride	has	the	answer.
“Will	do,”	he	says.
He	 finds	 Celeste	 in	 a	 hospital	 gown,	 lying	 back	 on	 the	 examining	 table.	 When	 she	 sees
him,	she	sits	up.	“Are	you	the	police?”
“State	 police	 detective	 Nick	 Diamantopoulos,”	 he	 says.	 “I’m	 very	 sorry	 about	 your
friend.”
Celeste	nods.	“You’re	here	to	take	my	statement.”
“I	am,”	Nick	says.	“It’s	a	tragedy,	what	happened	to	Merritt.”
“She’s	dead?”	Celeste	says.	“Is	she…	I	mean,	she’s	dead,	right?”
Nick	takes	a	seat	in	the	chair	at	the	foot	of	the	examining	table.	The	fries	start	to	churn
in	his	stomach.	“I’m	sorry,	yes.	She’s	dead.”
Celeste	bows	her	head	and	cries	softly.	“It’s	all	my	fault.”
“Excuse	me?”
“It’s	my	fault.	I	knew	something	bad	would	happen.	I	thought	it	would	be	my	mother
but	it	wasn’t—it	was	Merritt.	She’s	dead!”
“I’m	very	sorry,”	Nick	says	again.	“I	know	you	have	a	lot	to	deal	with	right	now.”
“You	don’t	know,”	Celeste	says.	“You	have	no	idea.”
Nick	takes	out	his	notepad.	“The	best	way	to	help	Merritt	is	to	help	me	figure	out	what
happened	 to	 her.	 She	 was	 your	 best	 friend,	 your	 maid	 of	 honor.	 She	 confided	 in	 you,
right?”
Celeste	nods.
“And	here’s	the	funny	thing	about	weddings,”	Nick	says.	“They	bring	together	people
who	don’t	know	each	other.	I’ve	interviewed	two	people	already	but	neither	of	them	really
knew	Merritt.	So	you	are	a	key	part	of	this	investigation.”
Celeste	takes	a	deep	breath.	“I’m	not	sure	I	want	to	break	Merritt’s	confidence.	Other
people	are	involved.	Other	people	I	care	about.”
“I	understand,”	Nick	says.	His	sympathy	is	genuine,	but	he	is	a	sapper	looking	for	land
mines.	“Why	don’t	you	just	tell	me	what	you	know	and	we’ll	see	if	it’s	relevant.”
Celeste	stares	at	him.
“I	 have	 someone	 who	 witnessed	 you	 and	 Ms.	 Monaco	 in	 the	 Winburys’	 rose	 garden
after	the	party	ended,”	Nick	says.	“This	person	said	Ms.	Monaco	was	crying	and	you	were
comforting	her.	Do	you	want	to	tell	me	what	that	was	about?”

Celeste	blinks.	“Someone	saw	us	in	the	rose	garden?”	she	says.	“Who?”
“I	can’t	tell	you	that,”	Nick	says.	“What	you	tell	me	here	is	confidential.	That’s	true	for
everyone.”
“I	hear	you	saying	that,	but…”
“But	 what?”	 Nick	 says.	 She’s	 scared	 to	 tell	 him	 what	 she	 knows—but	 why?	 “My
understanding	 is	 that	 Ms.	 Monaco	 was	 estranged	 from	 her	 parents	 and	 there’s	 a	 brother
somewhere	but	no	one	knows	where.	So	she	doesn’t	have	any	family	here	to	advocate	on
her	behalf.	That	leaves	me—and	you—to	find	out	what	happened.	Do	you	understand	the
magnitude	of	that	responsibility,	Celeste?”
“She	was…	going	through	a	tough	breakup,”	Celeste	says.	“With	a	married	man.	She
was	very	upset	about	it.”
Nick	nods.	He	waits.
“I	told	her	to	end	it.	Back	when	I	found	out,	which	was	only	a	few	weeks	ago,	I	told
her	to	end	it	and	she	said	she	would,	but	she	didn’t.	And	then	he	ended	it.”
“The	married	man?”
“Yes,”	Celeste	says.	“And	that	was	why	she	was	crying.”
Nick	writes	on	his	notepad:	Married	man.	Then	he	scans	his	other	notes	and	he	thinks
about	Merritt’s	cell	phone.	She	had	just	gone	through	a	breakup	but	there	were	no	calls	or
texts,	either	coming	in	or	going	out.	Except	for	the	one	from	Robbie	wishing	her	a	belated
“Happy	Day	of	American	Independence”	and	hoping	she	was	doing	well.
“Is	the	married	man	named	Robbie,	by	any	chance?”
Celeste’s	eyes	widen.	“How	do	you	know	about	Robbie?”
“I’m	a	detective,”	Nick	says.	“Is	Robbie	the	married	man?”
“No,”	Celeste	says.	“Robbie	is	her…	was…	I	don’t	know,	her	friend.	A	guy	friend.	A
past	boyfriend,	but	not	anymore.”
“Celeste,	was	the	married	man	that	Merritt	was	involved	with	at	the	party	last	night?”
The	barest	movement	of	the	head	forward.	Almost	involuntary,	it	seems.
“Is	that	a	nod?”
“It’s	Tag,”	Celeste	whispers.	“Tag	Winbury,	my	father-in-law.”
Boom,	Nick	thinks.
Once	the	name	is	out,	the	rest	flows	more	easily,	as	though	a	plug	has	been	pulled.
Merritt	 and	 Tag	 hooked	 up	 two	 months	 ago	 during	 Celeste’s	 bachelorette	 weekend.
They	 saw	 each	 other	 in	 the	 city,	 Celeste	 isn’t	 sure	 when	 or	 where.	 As	 recently	 as	 the
Fourth	of	July,	Merritt	said	the	relationship	was	over.	It	wasn’t	a	big	deal,	according	to	her.
“But	I	talked	to	her	after	the	rehearsal	dinner.	She	was	upset.	I	encouraged	her	to	come

into	 town	 with	 us	 but	 she	 said	 she	 wouldn’t	 be	 any	 fun.	 She	 wanted	 to	 stay	 home	 and
mope,	 she	 said.	 Get	 it	 out	 of	 her	 system	 so	 she	 would	 be	 good	 to	 go	 today.”	 Celeste
pauses.	“For	the	wedding.”
“Was	the	last	time	you	saw	Merritt	alive	in	the	rose	garden?”	Nick	asks.
“No,”	Celeste	says.	“I	saw	her	when	we	got	back	from	town.”
“You	did?”	Nick	says.	“Where	was	she?”
“She	 was	 at	 a	 table	 under	 the	 tent	 with	 Tag,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “And	 Thomas,	 Benji’s
brother.	Thomas	came	with	us	into	town.	We	went	to	the	back	bar	at	Ventuno	but	when	we
got	to	the	Boarding	House,	his	wife,	Abby,	called	and	told	him	to	come	home.	When	we
got	 back,	 he	 was	 sitting	 under	 the	 tent	 with	 Tag	 and	 Merritt…	 and	 a	 friend	 of	 the
Winburys	named	Featherleigh	Dale.”
Nick	writes	down	the	names:	Merritt,	Tag,	Thomas,	brother,	and	a	person—woman?—
named	Featherleigh	Dale.
“Do	you	know	Featherleigh	Dale?”	Nick	asks.
“Not	really,”	Celeste	says.	“I	just	met	her	last	night.	She’s	from	London.”
“And	was	she	also	staying	at	the	Winbury	house?”
“No.”
“But	she	was	there	last	night?”
“Yes,”	Celeste	says.
“What	time	was	it	when	you	saw	Merritt	under	the	tent	with	Tag?”
“We	left	town	when	the	bars	closed,	at	one,”	Celeste	says.	“So	maybe	one	thirty?”
“And	when	you	saw	Merritt	with	Tag,”	Nick	says,	“were	you	concerned?”
“I	was	preoccupied…”	Celeste	says.
“That	 stands	 to	 reason,”	 Nick	 says.	 “After	 all,	 you	 were	 supposed	 to	 get	 married
today.”
“It’s	 no	 excuse.”	 Celeste	 bows	 her	 head.	 “I	 was	 preoccupied	 and	 I	 didn’t	 persuade
Merritt	to	come	to	bed.	If	I	had	done	that,	she	would	be	alive.	This	is	my	fault.”
Nick	needs	to	keep	his	bride	focused.	“Celeste,	what	were	Tag	and	Merritt	and	Thomas
and…	Featherleigh	doing	under	the	tent?	Drinking?	Smoking?”
“Drinking	shots,”	Celeste	says.	“Of	some	special	rum	Tag	gets	in	Barbados.	Tag	had	a
cigar.	They	looked	happy.	Merritt	looked	happy,	or	happier,	anyway.	They	tried	to	get	me
to	join	them	but	Benji	and	Shooter	had	gone	to	bed	and	I	wanted	to	get	some	sleep…”
“Understandable,”	Nick	says.	“You	were	getting	married	the	next	day.”
Again,	Celeste	shakes	her	head.	It’s	the	mention	of	the	wedding	that	seems	to	set	her
back,	so	Nick	decides	not	to	do	it	again.

“As	I	was	saying	good	night	to	everyone,	Abby	called	down	from	an	upstairs	window,”
Celeste	says.	“She	wanted	Thomas	to	come	to	bed.	And	I	did	hesitate	a	bit	then	because	I
thought	it	would	be	bad	for	Tag	and	Merritt	to	be	alone	together.	Honestly,	I	thought	they
might	rekindle	their…”	She	stops,	pinkens.	“I	thought	they	might	hook	up.”
Nick	nods.	“Okay.”
“But	 Featherleigh	 was	 there	 and	 she	 showed	 no	 intention	 of	 leaving.	 She	 made	 a
comment	that	it	was	morning	in	London	and	she	had	just	gotten	her	second	wind.”	Celeste
swallows.	“I	kissed	Merritt	good	night	and	I	squeezed	her	hand	and	looked	her	in	the	eye
and	I	said,	Are	you	okay,	my	friend?	And	she	said,	Hey,	your	stutter	is	gone.	Because	I	had
a	stutter	for	a	few	months,	actually.	Anyway,	I	figured	she	was	sober	enough	to	notice	that,
she	would	be	fine.	So	I	went	up	to	bed.”
“Did	 you	 hear	 anything	 outside	 after	 that?”	 Nick	 asks.	 “Did	 you	 hear	 anyone	 in	 the
water?	There	was	a	two-person	kayak	left	out	on	the	beach.	There	was	blood	in	the	sand
and	Merritt	had	a	cut	on	her	foot.	Do	you	know	anything	about	that?”
“Kayak?”	Celeste	says.	She	sits	up,	swings	her	feet	to	the	floor,	and	starts	to	pace.	“Did
Tag	take	Merritt	out	in	the	kayak?	Do	you	know	if	that	happened?”
“I	 don’t,”	 he	 says.	 “I’m	 working	 with	 the	 Nantucket	 Police	 on	 this.	 The	 Chief	 will
question	Mr.	Winbury	about	the	kayak.	The	important	thing	is	you	didn’t	hear	anything?”
“No,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “But	 the	 house	 has	 central	 air	 and	 Benji’s	 bedroom—the	 room
where	I	was	staying—faces	the	driveway,	not	the	water.”
“And	this	morning…	you’re	the	one	who	found	Ms.	Monaco,	is	that	correct?”
“Yes,”	Celeste	says.
“You	were	up	early,”	Nick	says.	“Why	is	that?”
Celeste	bows	her	head	and	starts	to	shake.
Nick	turns	to	see	a	yellow	paisley	duffel	bag	in	the	corner	of	the	room.	He	remembers
what	 Patty	 said.	 “And	 you	 had	 a	 bag	 packed?	 I	 guess	 I	 don’t	 understand	 why	 you	 were
down	 at	 the	 beach	 at	 five	 thirty	 in	 the	 morning	 with	 your	 bag.”	 Although	 Nick	 does
understand,	or	he	thinks	he	does.
When	Celeste	looks	up,	tears	are	streaming	down	her	face.	“Is	there	any	way	we	can	be
finished	for	now?”
Nick	 scans	 his	 notepad.	 This	 was	 not	 your	 typical	 wedding.	 The	 maid	 of	 honor	 was
sleeping	 with	 the	 groom’s	 father.	 Nick	 will	 call	 the	 Chief	 and	 have	 him	 question	 the
father;	 Nick	 would	 likely	 lose	 his	 cool	 with	 the	 guy.	 He’s	 beginning	 to	 have	 emotions
about	this	case,	which	is	never	a	good	thing.
But	then	Nick	thinks	about	Greer	Garrison.	Which	of	Greer’s	answers	had	Nick	found
suspicious?	 All	 of	 them,	 really.	 She	 had	 seemed	 bloodless,	 soulless,	 unaffected,	 and…
unsurprised.	 And	 she	 had	 intentionally	 not	 told	 Nick	 about	 going	 to	 the	 kitchen	 for	 a
nightcap.	Greer	writes	murder	mysteries.	If	anyone	would	be	able	to	plot	a	murder	and	get

away	with	it,	Nick	thinks,	it	would	be	her.
Right?
If	she	knew	about	this	affair,	she	would	be	a	prime	suspect.
But	Nick	can’t	leave	any	stone	unturned	here.	Featherleigh	Dale	was	at	the	table	after
both	 Celeste	 and	 Thomas	 left.	 Featherleigh	 might	 be	 able	 to	 say	 for	 sure	 if	 Tag	 took
Merritt	out	in	the	kayak.
Nick	writes	on	his	notepad:	Find	Featherleigh	Dale!
The	sound	of	Celeste	crying	brings	Nick	back	to	the	present.
“We	 can	 be	 finished,”	 Nick	 says.	 “For	 now.”	 He	 gets	 to	 his	 feet.	 The	 poor	 kid.	 It’s
pretty	clear	she’s	going	through	more	than	just	her	best	friend	dying.	“I’ll	send	Patty	back
in.”

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	2:00	p.m.

THE	CHIEF

Shooter	Uxley	wants	to	lawyer	up,	which	is	his	right,	although	any	cop	in	America	will
tell	you	the	same	thing:	It	doesn’t	look	good.	Why	lawyer	up	if	you	have	nothing	to	hide?
The	 Chief	 tries	 to	 point	 this	 out	 to	 Shooter	 gently,	 without	 making	 his	 true	 motivation
known,	his	true	motivation	being	that	they	need	answers,	and	fast.
Keira,	 the	 Chief’s	 assistant,	 informs	 the	 Chief	 that	 before	 he	 went	 off	 duty,	 Sergeant
Dickson	 was	 able	 to	 locate	 and	 speak	 to	 Ms.	 Monaco’s	 brother,	 Douglas	 Monaco,	 of
Garden	 City,	 New	 York,	 and	 that	 Mr.	 Monaco	 said	 he	 would	 contact	 his	 parents	 and
would,	when	the	time	came,	make	the	necessary	arrangements	for	the	body.
“How	did	he	sound?”	the	Chief	asks.	“Did	he	have	any	questions?”
“He	was	shocked,”	Keira	says.	“But	he	hadn’t	talked	to	her	since	last	Christmas	and	he
said	his	parents	hadn’t	spoken	to	her	in	years.	They	had	a	falling-out.”
“Did	he	ask	you	what	happened?”	the	Chief	says.
“He	 didn’t,”	 Keira	 says.	 “He	 just	 thanked	 me	 for	 letting	 him	 know	 and	 gave	 me	 his
contact	information.”
“Good,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 The	 last	 thing	 he	 needs	 now	 is	 aggressive,	 upset	 family
members	 demanding	 more	 intensive	 police	 work.	 And	 yet	 the	 complete	 opposite	 of	 that
feels	 sad,	 even	 though	 it	 makes	 his	 job	 easier.	 “You	 can	 release	 the	 name,	 age,	 and	 the
hometown—use	 New	 York	 City—to	 the	 press	 and	 tell	 them	 the	 matter	 is	 under
investigation.	No	further	comment.”
“Also?”	 Keira	 says.	 “Sue	 Moran	 from	 the	 chamber	 of	 commerce	 called.	 She’s
concerned.”
“About	what?”
“Weddings	 on	 Nantucket	 generate	 over	 fifty	 million	 dollars,	 she	 said.	 A	 Murdered
Maid	 of	 Honor	 is	 extremely	 bad	 for	 business,	 she	 said.	 She	 wants	 us	 to	 try	 to	 keep	 the
wedding	angle	quiet.”
“Fine,”	the	Chief	says.	“We’ll	try.	But	you	might	want	to	remind	her	that	it’s	a	small
island.”
Uxley	chooses	a	local	attorney,	Valerie	Gluckstern.	The	Chief	knows	Val	well,	and	while
she’s	not	his	favorite	lawyer	on	this	island,	neither	is	she	his	least	favorite.	She	started	out
as	a	trust	and	estate	attorney	and	switched	to	criminal	defense	six	or	seven	years	ago,	once
there	 were	 enough	 wealthy	 and	 connected	 lawbreakers	 to	 keep	 her	 in	 business.	 Val	 is
willing	 to	 relax	 certain	 rules	 because	 they	 live	 thirty	 miles	 out	 to	 sea	 and	 big-city
procedure	doesn’t	always	apply.

For	example,	instead	of	wearing	a	suit	and	heels,	Val	shows	up	at	the	station	wearing	a
beach	cover-up,	a	straw	hat,	and	flip-flops.
“I	came	right	from	the	beach,”	Val	says,	and	in	fact	she	has	sand	breading	the	backs	of
her	 legs.	 “My	 brother	 is	 here	 with	 his	 four	 kids	 and	 his	 pregnant	 wife.	 I	 wasn’t	 exactly
unhappy	 to	 be	 called	 away.”	 She	 cocks	 an	 eyebrow	 at	 the	 Chief.	 “Do	 you	 ever	 have
houseguests,	Ed?”
“Not	if	I	can	help	it,”	he	says.
“Wise	 man,”	 Val	 says.	 She	 looks	 around.	 “Where’s	 the	 Greek?	 I	 thought	 he	 was
investigating	this	case.”
That	explains	Val’s	prompt	arrival	more	than	the	houseguests,	the	Chief	thinks.	Every
woman	on	this	island	will	jump	through	hoops	of	white	fire	for	the	Greek.
“He’s	interviewing	a	witness	at	the	hospital,”	the	Chief	says.
Val	nods.	“Let	me	talk	to	my	client.”
“He	tried	to	run,”	the	Chief	says.	“It	doesn’t	look	good,	Val.	You	should	let	him	know
that.”
“Let	me	talk	to	my	client,”	Val	says	again.
While	Val	is	in	with	Shooter,	Ed	checks	his	phone.	He	sees	a	text	from	Nick	that	says,	We
need	to	find	a	wedding	guest	named	Featherleigh	Dale,	and	the	Chief	curses	under
his	 breath.	 Here	 he’s	 liking	 Shooter	 Uxley	 for	 this	 and	 now	 there’s	 a	 new	 person	 of
interest?	The	Chief	calls	the	Winbury	house	to	speak	to	Greer.
“We’re	looking	for	someone	named	Featherleigh	Dale,”	he	says.
“Yes,”	Greer	says.	She	sounds	unsurprised.
“Do	you	have	any	idea	where	we	might	find	her?”	he	asks.
“She’s	 staying	 at	 an	 inn,”	 Greer	 says.	 “Let	 me	 check	 which	 one.	 I	 have	 it	 written
down.”	A	moment	later	she	comes	back	to	the	phone.	“The	Sand	Dollar	Guest	House,	on
Water	Street.”
“Thank	 you.”	 The	 Chief	 hangs	 up	 and	 dispatches	 one	 of	 his	 patrolmen	 to	 the	 Sand
Dollar	to	bring	this	Featherleigh	Dale	in	for	questioning.
Nick	calls	on	his	way	from	the	hospital	to	the	compound.	“Talked	to	the	bride,”	he	says.
“She	was	a	gold	mine.”
“What	did	she	give	you?”	the	Chief	asks.
“Our	maid	of	honor	wasn’t	exactly	honorable,”	Nick	says.	“She	was	sleeping	with	the
groom’s	father,	Tag	Winbury.”
The	Chief	closes	his	eyes.	He’s	so	hungry,	he’s	seeing	stars—then	he	remembers	that
Andrea	 packed	 him	 a	 lunch:	 turkey	 BLT,	 two	 ripe,	 cold	 plums,	 a	 thermos	 of	 chilled
cucumber-coconut	soup.	He	loves	his	wife.	As	soon	as	he	gets	off	with	Nick,	he’ll	eat.

“I	 talked	 to	 Linda	 Ferretti,	 the	 ME,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “Victim	 was	 seven	 weeks
pregnant.”
Nick	sucks	in	his	breath	and	the	Chief	feels	a	renewed	sense	of	purpose.	This	woman’s
death	was	no	accident.	They	have	a	real	situation	on	their	hands.
“She	 was	 pregnant	 with	 Winbury’s	 kid,”	 Nick	 says.	 “I	 wonder	 who	 knew.	 Celeste
didn’t	tell	me	that.	I…	I	don’t	think	she	knew.	I	wonder	if	Greer	Garrison	knew.
“I	dispatched	Luklo	to	go	pick	up	Ms.	Dale	at	her	inn,”	the	Chief	says.	“How	is	she
involved?”
“She	 was	 sitting	 under	 the	 tent	 late	 last	 night	 with	 Merritt,	 Tag,	 and	 Thomas,	 the
groom’s	brother.	The	brother,	Thomas,	went	up	to	bed,	leaving	Merritt,	Tag	Winbury,	and
Featherleigh	Dale.	She	should	have	something	to	tell	us.”
“Yes,	we	need	the	Dale	woman,”	the	Chief	says.	“Now	that	we	know	what	we	know.
So	why	am	I	talking	to	Shooter	Uxley?	Why	did	he	run?	Where	is	he	in	all	of	this?	Why
did	he,	of	all	people,	lawyer	up?”
“I	guess	we’ll	find	out,”	Nick	says.	“Who’s	his	attorney?”
“Valerie	Gluckstern.”
“I	like	Val,”	Nick	says.	“And	she	likes	me.”
“Let’s	 hope	 that	 works	 in	 our	 favor	 and	 we	 can	 get	 the	 kid	 to	 talk,”	 the	 Chief	 says.
“After	I’m	finished	with	Uxley,	I’ll	talk	to	the	father.”
“I’ll	 talk	 to	 this	 Dale	 woman,”	 Nick	 says.	 “Once	 we	 find	 her.	 And,	 hey,	 if	 you	 need
help	swaying	Val	Gluckstern,	let	me	know.”
“Thanks,	Prince	Charming,”	the	Chief	says.

Saturday,	August	12–Monday,	August	21,	2017

CELESTE

She	takes	a	week’s	vacation	from	the	zoo	in	August,	coordinating	with	Benji’s	vacation,
and	the	two	of	them	go	to	Nantucket.
Merritt	says,	“You	do	know	how	lucky	you	are,	right?	Having	a	rich	boyfriend	with	a
huge	waterfront	home	on	Nantucket?”
“Right,”	Celeste	says	uneasily.	She	doesn’t	want	anyone—even	Merritt—to	think	she
is	 after	 Benji	 for	 his	 money.	 The	 money	 makes	 things	 nicer	 and	 easier.	 They	 can	 go	 to
dinner	 whenever	 and	 wherever	 they	 want,	 they	 go	 to	 concerts	 and	 sit	 in	 the	 front	 row,
Benji	 always	 treats	 her	 to	 taxis	 and	 sends	 her	 bouquets	 of	 beautiful,	 exotic	 flowers,	 and
occasionally	she	will	come	home	to	find	he	has	delivered	a	box	of	Pierre	Hermé	macarons
to	her	doorstep	(she	had	never	tasted	a	macaron	before	meeting	Benji;	now,	they’re	one
more	 expensive	 habit	 that	 she’s	 developed).	 Celeste	 enjoys	 these	 aspects	 of	 their
relationship—she	would	be	a	liar	if	she	denied	it—but	her	favorite	things	about	Benji	are
that	he’s	kind,	thoughtful,	solid,	steady,	and	even-keeled.
Despite	all	this,	she	had	been	thinking,	right	before	plans	for	the	vacation	were	made,
of	breaking	up	with	him.	She	likes	him	but	she	has	been	consistently	misrepresenting	her
feelings	because	she	does	not	love	him.
She	loves	Shooter	Uxley.
She	has	tried	to	talk	herself	out	of	it.	How	can	she	love	Shooter	when	she	spent	only
one	 day	 with	 him?	 After	 Benji	 belatedly	 arrived	 that	 weekend	 in	 June,	 Shooter	 left	 the
island,	claiming	a	work	emergency.	That	Sunday	afternoon,	once	Celeste	was	back	in	her
own	apartment,	Shooter	had	sent	her	a	text	that	said,	I	couldn’t	stay	and	watch	the	two
of	you	together.
So,	Celeste	thought,	Shooter	had	felt	it	too.	He	had	felt	that	strong,	unmistakable	thing,
that	animal	attraction.	Celeste	uses	the	phrase	purposefully	because	she’s	a	scientist	and
may	 understand	 better	 than	 most	 how	 human	 beings	 are	 at	 the	 mercy	 of	 their	 biology.
Celeste	thinks	of	a	male	lion	establishing	dominance	in	a	pride	or	the	blue-footed	booby
showing	the	female	his	blue	feet	by	dancing.	The	natural	world	is	filled	with	such	rituals
that	can	be	documented	and	categorized	but	ultimately	not	explained.	Celeste	can’t	control
her	urges	or	her	feelings	any	better	than	hyenas	or	aardvarks;	however,	she	can	control	her
behavior.	She	has	no	intention	of	leaving	Benji	for	his	best	friend.	But	she	knows	it’s	not
fair	to	stay	with	him	when	she	doesn’t	love	him.
She	needs	to	break	it	off.
She	will	break	it	off,	she	decides,	after	they	get	back	from	Nantucket.

Saturday,	Sunday,	Monday:	Celeste	and	Benji	lie	by	the	pool,	swim	in	the	harbor,	eat	the
finger	sandwiches	and	cubes	of	melon	that	Elida	brings	them	on	a	tray	for	lunch.	In	the
late	afternoon,	they	go	to	167	Raw	to	buy	fresh	tuna	and	swordfish	steaks,	then	they	go	to
Bartlett’s	Farm	for	corn,	summer	squash,	greens	for	salad,	a	homemade	peach	pie.	In	the
mornings,	 they	 wander	 the	 shops	 in	 town.	 At	 Milly	 and	 Grace,	 Celeste	 tries	 on	 four
dresses,	 and	 Benji,	 unable	 to	 decide	 which	 he	 likes	 best	 on	 her,	 buys	 her	 all	 four.	 That
night,	 Benji	 takes	 Celeste	 out	 to	 Sconset	 to	 eat	 at	 a	 candlelit	 table	 in	 the	 garden	 of	 the
Chanticleer.	At	the	center	of	the	garden	stands	a	carousel	horse,	and	Celeste	finds	herself
staring	at	the	horse	throughout	dinner.
This	week,	Shooter	is	in	Saratoga	Springs,	New	York,	with	a	group	of	tech	executives
from	Belarus;	they	have	gone	to	see	the	races.	Celeste	knows	this	because	Benji	keeps	her
constantly	informed	about	Shooter’s	whereabouts;	Benji	shows	her	every	picture	Shooter
sends	 him,	 like	 a	 proud	 uncle.	 Sometimes	 he	 says,	 jokingly,	 “I’m	 boring,	 but	 here’s	 my
exciting	friend.”	Celeste	smiles	mildly;	she	glances	at	the	photos	but	can’t	bring	herself	to
focus	on	Shooter’s	face.	What	good	would	it	do?	She	never	responded	to	Shooter’s	text.
She	can’t	have	a	secret	line	of	communication	with	him;	she	knows	where	that	would	lead.
Celeste	tears	her	eyes	away	from	the	carousel	horse	and	thoughts	of	Saratoga	and	wills
herself	to	be	happy.	She	likes	Benji.	She	cares	about	Benji.
As	she	watches	Benji	sip	his	wine,	she	imagines	Shooter	at	the	betting	window,	track
pencil	behind	his	ear.	She	imagines	him	in	the	grandstand	or	the	elevated	suite	with	fancy
free	hors	d’oeuvres	and	scantily	clad	cocktail	waitresses,	where	only	the	most	important
people	in	the	world	are	allowed	to	sit.	She	imagines	Shooter’s	horse	pulling	ahead	on	the
outside.	Shooter	has	picked	the	winner	again.	He	high-fives	the	Belarusians.
“Do	you	want	dessert?”	Benji	asks.	“Celeste?”
Tuesday	 and	 Wednesday:	 Celeste	 is	 tan.	 Celeste	 is	 relaxed.	 Celeste	 is	 growing	 more
comfortable	 with	 Benji’s	 parents.	 One	 morning,	 she	 runs	 five	 miles	 with	 Tag.	 The
following	 afternoon	 she	 goes	 to	 a	 photography	 exhibit	 on	 Old	 South	 Wharf	 with	 Greer,
and	afterward,	Celeste	suggests	they	get	an	Italian	ice	at	the	little	shop	next	to	the	gallery.
“My	treat,”	Celeste	says.	The	ices	cost	only	ten	dollars	but	Celeste	leaves	the	cute	redhaired	teenager	behind	the	counter	a	five-dollar	tip.	Tag	and	Greer	are	so	generous	that	it
makes	Celeste	want	to	be	generous	on	her	own	scale.
They	 sit	 on	 a	 bench	 on	 the	 wharf	 to	 enjoy	 their	 ices	 in	 the	 sun	 and	 Greer	 says,	 “So,
how	are	things	going	with	you	and	Benji?”
Celeste	isn’t	sure	what	Greer	is	asking.	“Everything	is	fine,”	she	says.
“Tag	and	I	are	heading	back	to	the	city	tomorrow,”	Greer	says.	“My	friend	Elizabeth
Calabash’s	son	is	getting	married	at	the	Plaza.”
“Oh,”	 Celeste	 says.	 She	 savors	 the	 taste	 of	 her	 passionfruit	 ice	 and	 thinks	 of	 how,
before	 she	 met	 Benji,	 she	 would	 have	 stuck	 to	 something	 safe	 like	 lemon	 or	 raspberry.
“That’s	nice.”
“I	 think	 Benji	 would	 like	 some	 alone	 time	 with	 you,”	 Greer	 says.	 “Nothing	 quashes

romance	like	having	one’s	parents	around.”
“I	enjoy	your	company,”	Celeste	says.	It’s	true.	With	the	elder	Winburys	in	residence,
there	is	a	family	atmosphere	at	the	house.	There	are	times	it	feels	like	she	and	Benji	are
siblings.	 Celeste’s	 greatest	 dream	 is	 that	 her	 parents	 might	 someday	 see	 Nantucket.	 She
tries	to	describe	it	in	her	phone	calls,	but	she	can’t	do	it	justice,	and	there	are	things	she
knows	they	won’t	understand—dining	at	nine	o’clock	at	night	in	a	garden	with	a	carousel
horse,	paying	seventeen	hundred	dollars	for	a	photograph,	or	even	passionfruit	Italian	ice.
Thursday	and	Friday:	Tag	and	Greer	leave	late	on	Thursday.	Benji	apologizes	to	Celeste,
but	 he	 has	 committed	 to	 playing	 in	 the	 member-guest	 golf	 tournament	 at	 the	 Nantucket
Golf	Club,	which	will	eat	up	most	of	Friday.
“No	problem,”	Celeste	says.	She	has	a	new	book—Mrs.	Fletcher	by	Tom	Perrotta—
and	she	looks	forward	to	the	time	alone.	It’s	not	supposed	to	be	this	way,	she	knows.
“I’ve	arranged	for	a	surprise,”	Benji	says.	He	kisses	Celeste.	“Shooter	is	coming.”
Celeste	blinks	and	pulls	back.	“What?”	she	says.	“I	thought	he	was	in	Saratoga.”
“He	was,”	Benji	says.	“But	he	has	a	couple	of	days	free	so	I	asked	him	to	come.”
Celeste	has	no	idea	what	kind	of	expression	crosses	her	face.	Is	it	one	of	alarm?	Fear?
Panic?
“I	thought	you	liked	Shooter,”	Benji	says.
“Oh,	I	do,”	Celeste	says.	“I	do.”
At	seven	o’clock	on	Friday	morning,	Benji	pulls	away	in	Tag’s	Land	Rover	with	his	golf
clubs	in	the	back.	Celeste	stands	on	the	front	porch	and	waves	until	he’s	gone.	Then	she
steps	inside	to	the	entrance	hall	and	studies	herself	in	one	of	Greer’s	antique	mirrors.	She
is	blond	and	blue-eyed,	pretty	but	not	beautiful,	or	maybe	beautiful	but	not	extraordinary.
Is	 there	 something	 she’s	 not	 seeing?	 Something	 inside	 of	 her?	 She	 likes	 animals,	 the
environment,	 the	 natural	 world.	 This	 has	 always	 set	 her	 apart,	 made	 her	 less	 desirable
rather	than	more	so.	When	she	was	growing	up,	she	was	always	reading	the	encyclopedia
or	National	Geographic,	and	when	she	wasn’t	doing	that,	she	was	collecting	snakes	and
salamanders	 in	 shoe	 boxes	 and	 trying	 to	 re-create	 their	 natural	 habitat.	 She	 wasn’t
interested	in	boy	bands	or	wearing	friendship	bracelets	or	roller-blading	or	shopping	for
CDs	and	hair	clips	at	the	mall,	just	as	now	she	doesn’t	care	about	gender	politics	or	social
media	or	bingeing	on	Netflix	or	going	to	barre	class	or	who	wore	what	to	the	Met	Ball.
She	is	atypical.	She	is	weird.
Shooter	is	coming.	She’s	not	sure	what	to	do.	Proceed	as	normal?	She	changes	into	her
bathing	suit,	grabs	her	new	book,	and	goes	out	to	the	pool.
When	she	wakes	up	with	the	book	splayed	open	on	her	chest,	she	finds	Shooter	sitting
on	the	next	chaise	with	his	elbow	on	his	knee,	his	chin	in	his	hand,	staring	at	her.
No,	she’s	dreaming.	She	closes	her	eyes.
“Sunshine.”

Opens	her	eyes.
“Hi,”	he	says.	He	grins.	“Benji	called	to	say	you	needed	looking	after.”
“I	don’t,”	she	snaps.	She	refuses	to	flirt	with	him.	She	refuses	to	be	complicit	in	this.
It’s	 as	 though	 Benji	 is	 trying	 to	 lose	 her,	 handing	 her	 off	 to	 Shooter	 once	 again.	 “You
should	have	stayed	in	Saratoga.”
“You’re	sexy	when	you’re	stern,”	Shooter	says.	“And	I	was	happy	to	come,	I	wanted	to
come.	All	I’ve	wanted	since	I	left	the	last	time	was	to	see	you	again.”
“Shooter,”	she	says.
“You	must	think	I’m	a	real	bastard,”	he	says.	“Going	after	my	best	friend’s	girl.	People
write	 songs	 about	 this	 very	 scenario,	 Celeste—Rick	 Springfield,	 the	 Cars.	 And	 do	 you
know	why?	Because	it	happens.	It	happens	all	the	time.”
“But	 why	 me?”	 Celeste	 says.	 It’s	 amazing	 enough	 that	 she	 won	 the	 devotion	 of
Benjamin	 Winbury,	 but	 to	 have	 Shooter’s	 attention	 too	 seems	 so	 inconceivable	 that	 she
wonders	 if	 it’s	 a	 trick	 or	 a	 joke.	 Men	 like	 Benji	 and	 Shooter	 should	 be	 chasing	 after
women	 like	 Merritt.	 Merritt	 is	 an	 influencer;	 she	 has	 power,	 clout,	 and	 she	 knows
everyone.	 She	 is	 connected,	 savvy,	 witty,	 a	 social	 genius.	 Celeste,	 meanwhile,	 writes	 emails	to	other	zoo	administrators	about	improving	the	orangutan	habitat.
“Because	you’re	real,”	Shooter	says.	“You’re	so	normal	and	down-to-earth	that	you’re
exotic.	There	is	no	pretense	with	you,	Celeste.	Any	idea	how	rare	that	is	these	days?	And	I
had	 such	 a	 good	 time	 with	 you	 here.	 I	 haven’t	 enjoyed	 a	 woman’s	 company	 that	 much
ever	before	in	my	life.	It’s	like	you	cast	a	spell	on	me.	When	Benji	asked	me	to	come,	I
didn’t	think	twice.”
“Benji	is	my	boyfriend,”	Celeste	says.	“Nothing	is	going	to	happen	between	you	and
me.”
Shooter	 gives	 her	 a	 laser	 stare	 with	 his	 sapphire-blue	 eyes.	 “Hearing	 you	 say	 that
makes	me	like	you	even	more.	Benji	is	the	better	choice.”
Benji	is	the	better	choice!	Celeste	thinks.	She	wonders	if	Shooter	is	motivated	by	envy.
He	 wants	 what	 Benji	 has—his	 parents,	 his	 pedigree,	 and	 now	 his	 girlfriend.	 Probably
that’s	it.	Celeste	turns	her	eyes	back	to	her	book,	hoping	Mrs.	Fletcher	can	save	her.
“Put	your	shorts	and	flip-flops	on,”	Shooter	says.	“I’m	taking	you	somewhere.”
“Where?”	Celeste	says.
“I’ll	meet	you	out	front,”	he	says.
Shooter	has	rented	a	silver	Jeep.	He	tells	Celeste	he	asked	for	the	exact	same	one	they	had
before,	and	when	Celeste	sits	in	the	passenger	seat,	she	does	indeed	feel	a	strong	sense	of
familiarity,	like	this	is	their	car,	like	they	belong	in	it.
Shooter	 drives	 out	 to	 the	 Surfside	 Beach	 Shack.	 “I	 was	 wrong	 about	 the	 tomato
sandwich,”	 he	 says.	 He	 climbs	 out	 of	 the	 Jeep	 and	 returns	 a	 few	 moments	 later	 with	 a
cardboard	box	that	holds	two	sandwiches	wrapped	in	foil	and	two	drinks.	“These	are	the

best	sandwiches	on	the	island,	possibly	the	world.”	They	proceed	all	the	way	to	the	end	of
Madaket	Road,	cross	a	small	wooden	bridge,	and	enter	what	looks	like	a	seaside	village
from	another	era.	The	houses	are	teensy-tiny	beach	shacks	with	funky	architectural	details:
a	suspended	deck	that	joins	two	roof-lines,	a	slant-roofed	tower,	a	row	of	round	porthole
windows.	These	are	nothing	like	the	elegant	castles	out	in	Monomoy.	These	are	like	beach
cottages	for	elves,	and	they	all	have	funny	names:	Duck	Inn,	It’ll	Do,	Breaking	Away.
“They’re	so	small,”	Celeste	says.	“How	do	people	actually	live	in	them?”
“The	 best	 living	 is	 done	 outside,”	 Shooter	 says.	 “And	 look	 at	 the	 location—they’re
right	on	the	water.”
Celeste	 nearly	 points	 out	 that	 the	 Winburys’	 house	 is	 right	 on	 the	 water,	 but	 she
understands	the	inherent	charm	of	these	homes.	There	are	brightly	striped	towels	draped
over	 railings	 and	 hibachi	 grills	 on	 the	 decks;	 the	 “front	 yards”	 are	 sand	 and	 a	 tangle	 of
Rosa	rugosa	bushes.	How	idyllic	life	would	be	out	here.	You	spent	all	day	at	the	beach,
rinsed	 off	 under	 the	 outdoor	 shower,	 grilled	 a	 striped	 bass	 that	 you	 had	 caught	 yourself
surf-casting	 a	 hundred	 yards	 away.	 At	 night,	 your	 neighbors	 wandered	 over	 to	 share	 an
ice-cold	 beer	 or	 a	 gin	 and	 tonic	 while	 you	 all	 gazed	 up	 at	 the	 stars	 and	 listened	 to	 the
pounding	surf.	Rainy	days	would	mean	cards,	board	games,	or	a	good	paperback	mystery
read	in	a	comfortable	old	chair.
Shooter	crouches	down	to	let	some	of	the	air	out	of	the	Jeep’s	tires;	Celeste	watches
him	from	her	perch	in	the	passenger	seat.	She	studies	the	back	of	his	neck,	the	shape	of	his
ears.	When	he	works	on	the	back	tires	she	trains	her	eyes	on	him	in	her	side-view	mirror.
He	looks	up,	catches	her,	blows	her	a	kiss.	She	wants	to	scowl,	but	instead,	she	smiles.
Celeste	and	Shooter	drive	up	over	the	dunes.	The	stark	natural	beauty	of	Smith’s	Point
is	staggering.	There’s	a	long	stretch	of	pristine	beach	in	front	of	them	with	the	ocean	to	the
left	and	dunes	carpeted	in	eelgrass	to	the	right.	Beyond	those	dunes	is	the	flat	blue	surface
of	Nantucket	Sound.
Shooter	is	taking	it	slow—five	miles	an	hour—so	he	can	easily	reach	over	to	the	glove
compartment,	grazing	Celeste’s	knee	with	the	back	of	his	hand	as	he	does	so.	He	pulls	out
a	guide	to	eastern	shorebirds.
“For	my	zoologist,”	he	says.
Celeste	 wants	 to	 correct	 him—she	 isn’t	 his	 anything—but	 she	 becomes	 instantly
enthralled	by	the	guidebook.	She	has	always	loved	ornithology,	although	it	requires	more
patience	than	she	has	been	naturally	gifted	with	to	pursue	as	a	specialty.	Still,	she	loves	to
visit	the	World	of	Birds	and	talk	to	Vern,	their	resident	ornithologist.	Vern	has	sighted	over
seven	thousand	of	the	world’s	ten	thousand	bird	species,	a	life	list	that	puts	him	in	a	very
elite	category	of	bird-watcher.	Vern’s	best	stories	often	aren’t	about	the	birds	themselves
but	 rather	 about	 the	 travels	 he	 has	 undertaken	 in	 order	 to	 see	 them.	 When	 he	 was	 only
eighteen,	 he	 hitchhiked	 from	 Oxford,	 Mississippi,	 to	 the	 Monteverde	 Cloud	 Forest	 in
Costa	Rica	to	see	the	resplendent	quetzal.	He	has	been	to	Gambia	to	see	the	African	gray
hornbill	and	to	Antarctica	to	see	the	Adélie	penguin.

Right	away,	Celeste	points	out	the	sandpiper	and	the	American	oystercatcher	with	its
signature	orange	beak.	Shooter	laughs	and	says,	“You	delight	me.”	He	drives	out	to	the	tip
of	 Smith’s	 Point—Celeste	 sees	 the	 much	 smaller	 island	 of	 Tuckernuck	 across	 a	 narrow
channel—and	 then	 he	 curves	 around	 to	 the	 far	 side	 of	 the	 point.	 He	 sets	 up	 a	 camp—a
chair	for	each	of	them,	an	umbrella	for	shade,	towels,	and	a	small	table,	where	he	lays	out
their	lunch.	He	shucks	off	his	polo	shirt.	Celeste	tries	not	to	notice	the	muscles	of	his	back.
“Watch	this,”	he	says.	He	wades	out	into	the	water	a	few	feet	and	then	he	must	drop	off
a	ledge	or	a	shelf	because	suddenly	he	is	in	up	to	his	chest.	He	lifts	his	hands	in	the	air,
and	the	water	whooshes	him	down	the	shore.	“Yee-haw!”	he	cries	out.	About	forty	yards
down,	he	climbs	out	of	the	water	and	jogs	back	to	Celeste.	“It’s	a	natural	water	slide,”	he
says.	“You	have	to	try	it.”
Celeste	 can’t	 resist.	 Her	 parents	 took	 her	 to	 Great	 Wolf	 Lodge	 every	 summer	 of	 her
growing	up;	she	has	never	met	a	water	slide	she	didn’t	love.	She	wades	in,	her	feet	feeling
for	the	edge	of	the	shelf.	Then	she	jumps	in	and	the	current	carries	her	down	the	coastline.
It’s	 exhilarating!	 It’s	 hilarious!	 Celeste	 hasn’t	 laughed	 or	 enjoyed	 herself	 this	 much
since	she	was	a	child	with	her	father,	going	down	Coyote	Canyon.
“How	did	you	know	this	was	here?”	she	asks	Shooter,	breathless.
Shooter	says,	“It’s	my	business	to	know	the	secrets	of	every	universe.”
“I	want	to	go	again,”	Celeste	says.
The	film	montage	starts	once	more:	Here	are	Celeste	and	Shooter	riding	the	current	down
the	 beach	 again	 and	 again	 and	 again,	 whooping	 like	 rodeo	 cowboys.	 Celeste	 can’t	 get
enough;	 the	 water	 is	 swift,	 powerful,	 alive.	 Shooter	 gives	 up	 first,	 and	 finally	 Celeste
declares	 she	 is	 going	 only	 one	 more	 time.	 Here	 are	 Shooter	 and	 Celeste	 eating	 their
sandwiches—a	 crab,	 shrimp,	 and	 scallop	 “burger,”	 topped	 with	 avocado,	 bacon,	 lettuce,
tomato,	 and	 a	 creamy	 dill	 and	 smoked-pepper	 aioli.	 And	 to	 drink	 they	 have	 fresh
watermelon	 limeades.	 It’s	 the	 most	 delicious	 lunch	 Celeste	 has	 ever	 eaten.	 Is	 this
hyperbole?	She	doesn’t	think	so,	though	she	realizes	the	sandwich	and	the	drink	are	only
part	of	it.	The	swimming	is	also	part	of	it,	the	sand,	the	view…	and	Shooter.	Celeste	is	so
exhausted	after	eating	that	she	spreads	out	a	towel	and	lies	facedown.	Shooter	follows	suit,
and	when	Celeste	wakes	up,	his	leg	is	touching	hers.	Celeste	doesn’t	want	to	move,	but
move	she	must.
At	five	o’clock,	when	they	drive	off	the	beach,	Celeste’s	skin	is	tight	from	the	sun,	and	her
blond	 hair	 is	 stiff	 with	 salt.	 She	 figures	 she	 must	 look	 a	 fright,	 but	 when	 she	 catches	 a
glimpse	of	herself	in	the	side-view	mirror,	what	she	sees	is	a	young	woman	who	is	happy.
She	has	never,	in	her	life,	been	this	happy.
“Hey,	Sunshine?”	Shooter	says.
“Please	don’t,”	she	says.	She	doesn’t	want	him	to	say	anything	that’s	going	to	ruin	it.
She	doesn’t	want	him	to	make	any	declarations.	She	doesn’t	want	him	to	try	to	name	what
is	happening.	They	both	know	what’s	happening.
Shooter	laughs.	“I	was	just	going	to	ask	if	you	wanted	to	stop	at	Millie’s	on	the	way

home?	Get	a	margarita?”
“Yes,”	she	says.
As	soon	as	Shooter	pulls	into	the	parking	lot	at	Millie’s,	his	phone	starts	to	ping,	and	so
does	Celeste’s.	Shooter	cocks	an	eyebrow	at	her.	“Check	our	phones?”	he	asks.	“Or	ignore
them?”
Ignore	them,	Celeste	thinks.	But	out	of	habit,	she	glances	at	her	display.	There	are	three
texts	from	Benji.
I’m	back.
Where	are	you	guys?
Hello?
Celeste	feels	like	she’s	suspended	in	midair.	What	should	she	do?	She	wants	to	go	into
Millie’s	with	Shooter,	order	a	margarita,	maybe	knock	legs	with	him	under	the	bar.
But	that	kind	of	misbehavior	is	beyond	her.
“We	need	to	go,”	she	says.
Back	 at	 Summerland,	 Benji	 is	 on	 the	 deck,	 wearing	 a	 coat	 and	 tie.	 He	 has	 a	 bottle	 of
vintage	Veuve	Clicquot	chilling	in	an	ice	bucket.	He	stares	pointedly	at	Shooter.
“You’re	late,”	he	says.
“Late?”	Celeste	says.	“Were	you	expecting	us	earlier?	I	thought	you	were	golfing.”
Shooter	says,	“Sorry,	man,	I	lost	track	of	time.”
Something	passes	between	Benji	and	Shooter.	Celeste	is	afraid	to	ask	what’s	going	on.
“Should	I	shower?”	Celeste	says.
“Yes,”	Benji	says.	He	kisses	her.	“Wear	the	new	pink	dress.	We’re	going	out.”
Celeste	goes	upstairs	to	shower	and	change.	She	puts	on	a	green	dress	instead	of	the
pink,	a	small	but	important	defiance.	She	hates	when	Benji	tries	to	control	her;	she	knows
he	thinks	he’s	the	Professor	Henry	Higgins	to	her	Eliza	Doolittle.	But	he’s	not.	She’s	an
intelligent	adult;	she	can	pick	her	own	dress.
She	is	suddenly	in	an	incredibly	foul	humor.	She	doesn’t	even	want	to	go	to	dinner.
She	peers	down	at	the	deck	from	her	bedroom	window.	The	champagne	remains	in	the
ice	bucket—but	Benji	and	Shooter	are	gone.
There	is	a	whisper	of	a	noise	and	Celeste	turns	to	see	a	slip	of	paper	slide	under	the
bedroom	door.	She	freezes.	She	hears	footsteps	retreating.	After	a	few	moments	pass,	she
tiptoes	over	to	pick	up	the	paper.	It	says:	In	case	you	have	any	doubts,	I’m	in	love	with
you.	The	handwriting	is	unfamiliar.	It’s	not	Benji’s.
Celeste	 clutches	 the	 note	 to	 her	 chest	 and	 sits	 on	 the	 bed.	 This	 is	 either	 the	 most
wonderful	or	the	most	horrible	thing	ever	to	happen	to	her.

“Celeste!”
Benji	 is	 calling	 up	 the	 stairs	 for	 her.	 Celeste	 crumples	 the	 note.	 What	 should	 she	 do
with	it?	She	reads	it	one	more	time,	then	she	flushes	it	down	the	toilet.
“Coming!”	she	says.
Shooter	has	changed	into	Nantucket	Reds,	a	white	shirt,	a	double-breasted	blue	blazer,	and
a	captain’s	hat	that	Celeste	had	noticed	hanging	on	a	hook	in	the	Winburys’	mudroom	but
that	she	assumed	was	just	a	prop	of	sorts.
“Nice	hat!”	Celeste	says.	Shooter	doesn’t	crack	a	smile.
Benji	leads	Celeste	out	to	the	end	of	the	Winburys’	dock,	where	a	boat	is	waiting.	It’s
Ella,	 the	 Winburys’	 Hinckley	 picnic	 boat.	 It’s	 so	 sleek	 and	 beautiful	 with	 its	 gleaming
wood	 and	 pristine	 navy-and-white	 cushioned	 benches	 that	 Celeste	 is	 afraid	 to	 climb
aboard.	Shooter	gets	on	first	and	offers	his	hand	to	Celeste.	She	wants	to	squeeze	his	hand
to	let	him	know	she	got	his	note	and	she	feels	the	same	way—but	she	is	afraid	of	Benji
noticing.
She	 and	 Benji	 settle	 in	 the	 back	 while	 Shooter	 takes	 the	 wheel.	 Benji	 opens	 the
champagne,	fills	two	waiting	flutes,	and	hands	one	to	Celeste.
“Cheers,”	he	says.
“Cheers,”	Celeste	says.	She	clinks	glasses	with	Benji	and	forces	herself	to	make	eye
contact	with	him.	Every	second	is	a	struggle	to	keep	her	gaze	off	Shooter	in	the	captain’s
chair.	“Is	Shooter	not	having	any?”
“Shooter	is	not	having	any,”	Benji	says.	“He’s	our	skipper	tonight.”
“Where	are	we	going?”	Celeste	asks.
“You’ll	see,”	Benji	says.
Celeste	 leans	 back	 in	 her	 seat	 but	 she	 can’t	 relax.	 Shooter	 is	 at	 the	 wheel	 in	 that
ridiculous	 hat;	 it’s	 almost	 as	 if	 Benji	 has	 set	 out	 to	 humiliate	 him.	 But	 maybe	 she’s
overreacting.	Maybe	Shooter	offered	to	drive	the	boat;	maybe	he	likes	it.	It	is	a	stunner	of
an	evening,	the	air	clear	and	mild,	the	water	of	the	harbor	a	mirror	that	reflects	the	rich
golden	light	of	the	sun	behind	them.	Other	boaters	wave	as	they	pass.	One	gentleman	calls
out,	“Beautiful,”	and	Benji	calls	back,	“Isn’t	she?”	and	kisses	Celeste.
Celeste	says,	“I’m	sure	he	was	talking	about	the	boat.”
“The	boat,	you,	me,	this	incredible	night,”	Benji	says.
Right,	 Celeste	 thinks.	 From	 a	 distance,	 they	 must	 seem	 like	 the	 most	 fortunate,
privileged	couple	in	the	world.	No	one	would	ever	guess	Celeste’s	private	torment.
She	 sips	 her	 champagne.	 Benji	 wraps	 his	 arm	 around	 her	 and	 pulls	 her	 in	 close.	 “I
missed	you,”	he	says.
“How	was	golf?”	she	asks.	He	doesn’t	answer,	which	is	just	as	well.
They	dock	at	the	Wauwinet	Inn.	Shooter	is	surprisingly	skilled	with	the	ropes	and	knots,

making	 Celeste	 wonder	 at	 his	 other	 hidden	 talents.	 Playing	 the	 harmonica?	 Shooting	 a
bow	and	arrow?	Skiing	moguls?	He	secures	the	boat	and	then	helps	Celeste	up	onto	the
dock.	 Benji	 climbs	 up	 behind	 Celeste	 and	 checks	 his	 watch.	 “We’ll	 be	 back	 at	 nine
o’clock,”	he	tells	Shooter.
“Wait	 a	 minute,”	 Celeste	 says.	 Her	 heart	 feels	 like	 it’s	 being	 squeezed.	 She	 turns	 to
Shooter.	“Aren’t	you	coming	to	dinner?”
Shooter	 smiles	 but	 his	 blue	 eyes	 are	 as	 flat	 as	 eyes	 in	 a	 painting.	 “I’ll	 be	 here	 when
you’re	finished,”	he	says.
Celeste	wobbles	in	her	wedge	heels.	She’s	unsteady	in	heels	on	a	good	day,	never	mind
on	 a	 dock	 under	 the	 present	 circumstances.	 Benji	 takes	 her	 arm	 and	 leads	 her	 down	 the
dock	to	the	hotel.
When	they	are	out	of	earshot,	Celeste	says,	“I	don’t	get	it.	Why	isn’t	Shooter	coming	to
dinner?”
“Because	I	want	to	have	a	romantic	dinner	with	my	girlfriend,”	Benji	says.	For	the	first
time	since	she	has	known	him,	he	sounds	petulant,	like	one	of	the	cranky	children	who	are
at	the	zoo	past	their	nap	time.	This	show	of	unexpected	attitude	provokes	Celeste.
“So,	what,	you	just	hired	him	to	drive	the	boat?	He’s	our	friend,	Benji.	He’s	not	your
servant.”
Benji	says,	“I	should	have	realized	you	would	find	this	scenario	unjust.	But	when	I	told
Shooter	my	plans	to	bring	you	up	here,	he	offered.	He’s	going	to	grab	dinner	in	the	bar.”
“By	himself?”	Celeste	says.
“It’s	Shooter,”	Benji	says.	“I’m	sure	he’ll	make	some	friends.”
Dinner	 at	 Topper’s	 is	 an	 extraordinary	 experience,	 with	 attention	 given	 to	 every	 detail.
Drinks	 are	 brought	 on	 a	 tiered	 cocktail	 tray;	 Benji’s	 gin	 and	 tonic	 is	 mixed	 at	 the	 table
with	 a	 glass	 swizzle	 stick.	 The	 bread	 basket	 features	 warm,	 fragrant	 rosemary	 focaccia,
homemade	bacon-and-sage	rolls,	and	twisted	cheddar-garlic	bread	sticks	that	look	like	the
branches	 of	 a	 tree	 in	 an	 enchanted	 forest.	 Under	 other	 circumstances,	 Celeste	 would	 be
committing	 all	 this	 to	 memory	 so	 she	 could	 describe	 it	 for	 her	 parents	 later,	 but	 she	 is
preoccupied	with	the	one	sentence	written	on	the	note	that	was	slipped	under	her	door.	In
case	you	have	any	doubts,	I’m	in	love	with	you.
Their	appetizers	arrive	under	silver	domes.	The	server	lifts	both	domes	at	once	with	a
theatrical	flourish.	The	food	is	artwork—vegetables	are	cut	to	resemble	jewels;	sauces	are
painted	across	plates.	Benji	ordered	a	wine	that	is	apparently	so	rare	and	amazing,	it	made
the	sommelier	stammer.
Celeste	 doesn’t	 care.	 Shooter’s	 absence	 is	 more	 powerful	 than	 Benji’s	 presence.	 She
does	a	desultory	job	on	her	appetizer—summer	vegetables	with	stracciatella	cheese—then
excuses	herself	for	the	ladies’	room.
On	her	way,	she	walks	past	a	window	that	opens	onto	an	intimate	enclave	that	has	five
seats	at	a	mahogany	bar,	a	television	showing	the	Red	Sox	game,	and	a	handful	of	tables

with	 high-backed	 rattan	 chairs.	 The	 bar	 has	 a	 clubby,	 colonial	 British	feel	that	is	a	little
cozier	and	more	casual	than	the	dining	room.
Shooter	is	sitting	at	the	bar	alone,	drinking	a	martini.
Celeste	 stares	 at	 Shooter’s	 back	 and	 does	 a	 gut	 check.	 Talk	 to	 him	 or	 leave	 him	 be?
Talk	to	him!	She	will	tell	him	she	feels	the	same	way,	and	then	later	they	can	make	a	plan
to	 be	 together	 without	 hurting	 Benji.	 But	 before	 Celeste	 sets	 foot	 in	 the	 bar,	 a	 woman
appears.	 She’s	 wearing	 black	 pants,	 a	 black	 apron,	 a	 white	 shirt	 open	 at	 the	 collar.	 Oh,
she’s	 the	 bartender,	 Celeste	 thinks	 with	 relief.	 She’s	 quite	 attractive,	 with	 short,	 dark,
bobbed	hair,	cat’s-eye	glasses,	and	dark	red	lipstick.	She	approaches	Shooter	and	he	gives
her	a	hug,	then	pulls	her	into	his	lap	and	starts	tickling	her.	She	shrieks	with	laughter—
through	the	closed	door,	Celeste	can	just	barely	hear	it—and	just	as	Celeste’s	emotions	are
curdling	into	hurt	and	rage,	the	bartender	stands	up,	straightens	her	apron,	and	gets	back	to
work.
Celeste	slams	into	the	ladies’	room,	startling	a	woman	applying	her	lipstick	at	the	sink.
When	Celeste	returns	to	the	table,	Benji	stands	up.	He	is	a	gentleman,	she	thinks.	And
she	will	never	have	to	worry	about	him.
Between	dinner	and	dessert—they	have	ordered	the	soufflé,	which	takes	extra	time	to
prepare—Benji	pulls	something	out	of	his	coat	pocket.	It’s	a	small	box.	Celeste	stares	at
the	box	almost	without	seeing	it.
She	realizes	she	knew	this	was	coming.
“I	 didn’t	 go	 golfing	 today,”	 Benji	 says.	 “I	 flew	 back	 to	 the	 city	 to	 pick	 up	 a	 little
something.”	He	opens	the	box	to	reveal	the	most	insanely	beautiful	diamond	ring	Celeste
has	ever	seen.
She	bobs	her	head	at	the	ring	once,	as	if	being	formally	introduced	to	it.
“Will	you	marry	me,	Celeste?”	Benji	asks.
Celeste’s	eyes	fill	with	tears.	Not	only	did	she	know	this	was	coming	but	Shooter	did
too.	And	yet	he	still	took	her	to	Smith’s	Point,	still	showed	her	how	to	ride	the	current,	still
bought	her	a	birding	book,	still	called	her	Sunshine,	and	still	made	her	feel	like	she	was,	in
fact,	the	brightest	light	in	the	sky.	And	then	he	slipped	that	note	under	her	door.
In	case	you	have	any	doubts.
He	didn’t	mean	in	case	Celeste	had	any	doubts	about	him.	He	meant	in	case	Celeste
had	any	doubts	about	marrying	Benji.
I’m	in	love	with	you.
Shooter	is	a	gambler.	He’s	throwing	the	dice	to	see	if	he	can	win.	It’s	a	game	to	him,
she	tells	herself.	His	feelings	aren’t	real.
With	her	napkin,	she	blots	the	tears	that	drip	down	her	cheeks.	She	can’t	look	at	Benji
because	 if	 she	 does,	 he’ll	 see	 they	 are	 tears	 of	 confusion,	 but	 right	 now	 he	 must	 be
assuming—or	hoping—that	they	are	tears	of	overwhelmed	joy.

The	whole	thing	is	a	mess,	a	giant,	emotionally	tangled	mess,	and	Celeste	has	half	a
mind	to	stand	up	and	walk	out	on	both	men.	She	will	get	herself	home,	back	to	Easton,
back	to	her	parents.
Celeste	 thinks	 of	 Shooter	 pulling	 the	 sexy,	 bespectacled	 bartender	 into	 his	 lap,	 his
wicked	grin,	his	fingers	tickling	the	other	woman’s	ribs.	Celeste	would	have	a	miserable
life	with	Shooter.	Her	feelings	for	him	are	too	strong;	they	would	be	her	undoing.	A	better,
wiser	choice	is	to	marry	Benji.	Celeste	will	continue	to	be	who	she	has	always	been:	The
center	of	someone	else’s	universe.	Beloved.
“Yes,”	Celeste	whispers.	“Yes,	I	will	marry	you.”
When	Benji	and	Celeste	arrive	back	at	the	boat,	Shooter	is	waiting.	He	has	the	gleam	of	a
martini	or	three	in	his	eyes.	His	hair	is	mussed;	there	is	a	smudge	of	the	bartender’s	red
lipstick	on	his	cheek.
In	case	you	have	any	doubts,	I’m	in	love	with	you.
“So	how’d	it	go?”	Shooter	asks	with	corny	enthusiasm.	It	might	have	been	more	like
five	martinis,	Celeste	thinks.	Shooter’s	words	are	slurred.	Benji	will	have	to	drive	the	boat
home.
Celeste	holds	out	her	left	hand.	“We’re	engaged.”
Shooter	locks	eyes	with	her.	You	lost,	she	thinks,	gloating	for	a	second.	But	then	she
corrects	herself.	They	both	lost.
“Well,”	he	says.	“Congratulations.”
Benji	insists	that	Celeste	call	her	parents	on	the	boat	ride	home,	but	strangely,	they	don’t
answer.	 It’s	 even	 stranger	 when	 Benji	 tells	 her	 that	 he	 spoke	 to	 both	 Bruce	 and	 Karen
earlier	in	the	week,	told	them	his	intentions,	asked	for	their	blessing.	They	were	over	the
moon,	he	says.
Celeste	leaves	a	message	on	the	answering	machine	asking	them	to	call	her	back.	She
doesn’t	hear	from	them	at	all	on	Saturday.	When	she	calls	again	on	Sunday	morning,	her
father	answers,	but	something	is	wrong.	Her	father	is	crying.
“Daddy?”	 Celeste	 says.	 She	 holds	 out	 hope	 for	 one	 second	 that	 he’s	 weeping
sentimentally	over	news	of	the	engagement.
“It’s	your	mother,”	he	says.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	1:12	p.m.

NANTUCKET

As	the	day	unfolds,	news	about	the	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor	spreads	across	the	island.
Because	nobody	knows	what	happened,	everything	and	anything	becomes	a	possibility.
A	group	of	New	York	Millennial	women	having	lunch	and	cocktails	at	Cru	are	told	the
news	by	their	server,	Ryan.
“As	if	being	maid	of	honor	isn’t	hard	enough,”	says	Zoe	Stanton,	a	store	manager	at
Opening	Ceremony.
“Maid	 of	 honor,”	 a	 PR	 associate	 named	 Sage	 Kennedy	 murmurs.	 A	 bell	 goes	 off	 in
Sage’s	head.	“What	was	the	woman’s	name?”
“Not	 yet	 released,”	 says	 Lauren	 Doherty,	 a	 physical	 therapist	 at	 the	 Hospital	 for
Special	Surgery.
Sage	 pulls	 her	 phone	 out	 despite	 her	 resolution	 not	 to	 use	 it	 at	 meals	 (unless	 she’s
dining	alone).	She	is	pretty	sure	she	follows	someone	on	Instagram	who	was	serving	as	a
maid	of	honor	at	a	wedding	on	Nantucket	this	weekend.
She	gasps.	It’s	Merritt.	Merritt	Monaco.
Sage	gets	a	chill	that	starts	at	her	feet	and	travels	up	her	spine	to	the	base	of	her	brain.
Once	 upon	 a	 time,	 Sage	 and	 Merritt	 worked	 together	 at	 a	 PR	 firm	 called	 Brightstreet,
owned	 by	 Travis	 and	 Cordelia	 Darling.	 Merritt	 had	 an	 extremely	 ill-advised	 affair	 with
Travis	Darling	and	when	Cordelia	found	out—well,	Sage	had	never	seen	anyone	so	hellbent	on	exacting	revenge.	She’d	cringed	as	she	listened	to	Cordelia	bad-mouth	Merritt	to
absolutely	 every	 single	 one	 of	 their	 clients,	 calling	 her	 disgusting	 names.	 Cordelia	 even
contacted	 Merritt’s	 parents.	 Her	 parents,	 as	 though	 Cordelia	 were	 the	 high-school
principal	 and	 Merritt	 had	 been	 caught	 setting	 a	 fire	 in	 the	 cafeteria.	 With	 Merritt’s
dismissal,	Sage’s	own	position	in	the	company	improved;	she	was,	essentially,	given	all	of
Merritt’s	 responsibilities.	 Another	 girl	 might	 have	 delighted	 in	 the	 career-ending	 poor
decisions	of	the	person	directly	above	her—but	Sage	just	felt	bad.	She	suspected	that	the
affair	had	been	Travis	Darling’s	fault.	He	was	creepy.
Sage	had	wanted	to	contact	Merritt	after	the	smoke	cleared,	but	she	was	afraid	of	going
behind	 Cordelia’s	 back.	 When	 Cordelia	 announced	 that	 she	 was	 moving	 the	 business	 to
Los	 Angeles,	 Sage	 took	 the	 sparkling	 reference	 and	 robust	 severance	 package	 and
immediately	found	another	job.	She	texted	Merritt	with	news	of	Cordelia’s	departure,	and
Merritt	had	responded:	Thanks	for	letting	me	know.
They	hadn’t	become	friends,	by	any	means,	but	Sage	kept	a	cyber-eye	on	Merritt.	She
followed	her	on	Instagram	under	an	account	with	a	made-up	name—which	was	strange,

she	realized,	but	less	complicated	than	following,	liking,	and	commenting	as	her	real	self.
She	found	herself	cheering	Merritt	on	as	she	got	a	new	job	at	the	Wildlife	Conservation
Society	 and	 started	 stumping	 for	 Parker	 and	 Young,	 Fabulous,	 and	 Broke,	 as	 well	 as
nearly	every	hot	restaurant	and	club	that	opened	south	of	Fourteenth	Street.
There	 had	 been	 recent	 posts	 about	 Merritt’s	 upcoming	 maid-of-honor	 duty	 this
weekend	on	Nantucket.	Earlier	this	week,	Merritt	had	posted	a	photo	of	herself	modeling
her	 bridesmaid	 dress—it	 was	 antique-ivory	 silk	 with	 black	 embroidery	 on	 the	 bodice,
meant	to	look	like	classic	scrimshaw,	which	Sage	thought	was	such	a	cool	idea—with	the
caption:	Tonight	I	am	Nantucket-bound.	#MOH	#weddingoftheyear	#BFF.
Had	someone	murdered	Merritt?
Sage	stared	down	at	her	lobster	roll	and	her	full	glass	of	Rock	Angel	rosé,	her	appetite
for	lunch	gone.	Who	would	want	to	kill	Merritt?
Cordelia,	 she	 thinks.	 She	 sips	 her	 rosé	 for	 fortitude	 and	 wonders	 if	 it’s	 remotely
possible	 that	 Cordelia	 came	 to	 Nantucket,	 somehow	 infiltrated	 the	 wedding	 festivities—
maybe	dressing	up	as	one	of	the	catering	crew—and	got	to	Merritt	that	way.	Absurd?	Only
happens	in	the	movies?	Normally,	Sage	would	think	that,	but	she	will	forever	be	haunted
by	 the	 vitriol	 she	 had	 seen	 emanating	 from	 Cordelia	 Darling	 in	 the	 days	 following	 her
discovery	of	the	affair.
Cordelia	is	in	Los	Angeles,	Sage	tells	herself.	There	is	no	reason	for	her	to	celebrate
the	Fourth	of	July	week	on	Nantucket;	the	West	Coast	has	its	own	beaches.
Sage	puts	her	phone	away	and	smiles	at	her	friends.	It	might	not	even	be	Merritt,	she
thinks.	She	follows	Lauren’s	gaze	out	the	open	sides	of	the	restaurant.	The	vista	is	nothing
short	of	spectacular:	sparkling	blue	harbor,	sailboats,	seagulls,	the	bluffs	of	Shawkemo	in
the	distance.	How	could	anything	bad	ever	happen	here?
The	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor	is	all	anyone	is	talking	about	across	town	at	the	Greydon
House	on	Broad	Street.	Heather	Clymer,	who	is	staying	with	her	husband,	Steve,	in	room
2,	 has	 just	 gotten	 back	 from	 the	 Hospital	 Thrift	 Shop,	 where	 she	 heard	 the	 whole	 story
from	one	of	the	volunteers.	Heather	brought	the	story	back	to	the	Greydon	House,	where	it
spread	like	a	virus:	the	maid	of	honor	in	a	big,	fancy	wedding	out	in	Monomoy	was	found
early	that	morning	floating	in	the	harbor,	and	both	local	and	state	authorities	suspect	foul
play.
Laney	and	Casper	Morris	are	standing	by	the	hotel’s	front	desk	and	are	just	about	to
head	down	the	street	to	the	Nantucket	Whaling	Museum	when	they	hear	the	news.	Laney
digs	her	fingernails	into	Casper’s	forearm.
“Ouch,”	Casper	says.	He’s	already	a	bit	irritated	with	Laney	for	making	him	go	to	the
Whaling	 Museum	 on	 such	 a	 gorgeous,	 sunny	 day,	 the	 final	 day	 of	 their	 vacation.	 They
should	be	headed	to	the	beach!	The	Whaling	Museum	isn’t	going	anywhere;	they	can	tour
it	when	they’re	old.
“A	big,	fancy	wedding	out	in	Monomoy?”	Laney	says.	She	pulls	Casper	back	into	their
elegantly	 appointed	 room,	 where	 Casper	 collapses	 on	 the	 bed,	 grateful	 for	 the	 delay	 in

their	day’s	agenda.	“The	maid	of	honor	was	found	floating.	She’s	dead.	You	know	whose
wedding	that	is,	right?	Out	in	Monomoy?”
“Benji’s?”	Casper	guesses.	He	knows	this	is	the	right	answer;	it’s	basically	all	Laney
has	 been	 talking	 about	 this	 week	 because	 Laney’s	 best	 friend	 is	 Jules	 Briar,	 Benji’s	 exgirlfriend.	Casper	isn’t	a	big	fan	of	Jules	and	he	knows	the	friendship	wears	on	Laney	as
well,	but	she	and	Jules	have	known	each	other	since	first	grade	at	Spence	and	some	habits
are	hard	to	break.	Jules	somehow	discovered	that	Benji	was	getting	married	this	weekend
on	 Nantucket,	 and	 when	 Jules	 learned	 that	 Laney	 and	 Casper	 would	 be	 on	 the	 island	 as
well,	she	implored	Laney	to	keep	an	eye	out	and	report	back.	Jules	is	insanely	jealous	of
Benji’s	fiancée,	whom	he	had	met	when	Benji	and	Jules	took	Miranda	to	the	zoo!
Laney	had	done	exactly	as	Jules	asked.	Last	night,	when	they	were	standing	in	line	at
the	 Juice	 Bar,	 Laney	 had	 seen	 Shooter	 Uxley,	 Benji’s	 best	 friend,	 outside	 of	 Steamboat
Pizza.	He	was	with	a	blond	woman.	Laney	took	a	picture	of	Shooter	and	the	blonde	and
texted	it	to	Jules.
Jules	responded	immediately.	That’s	her!	That’s	zoo	woman!	Benji’s	fiancée!
They	texted	back	and	forth	about	why	the	fiancée—Celeste	Otis,	her	name	was;	Jules
had	 done	 the	 requisite	 stalking—was	 getting	 pizza	 with	 Shooter	 instead	 of	 Benji.	 Then
they	texted	about	how	much	they	missed	Shooter.	He	had	been	so	much	fun.
Now	Laney	says,	“The	maid	of	honor	was	killed.	Poor	Benji!”
“Maybe	Benji	did	it,”	Casper	says,	and	then	he	laughs	because	Benjamin	Winbury	is
one	of	the	nicest	guys	to	ever	walk	the	planet,	so	nice	that	Casper	used	to	give	him	a	hard
time	 for	 making	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 male	 population	 look	 bad.	 And,	 too,	 Casper	 has	 had	 his
own	 murderous	 thoughts	 about	 some	 of	 Laney’s	 friends;	 the	 subject	 of	 their	 present
conversation	ranks	at	the	top	of	the	list.
“If	it	were	the	bride	who	had	died,”	Laney	says,	“I	would	have	suspected	Jules.”
“Damn	straight,”	Casper	says.
Laney	sighs.	“It’s	sobering,	you	know.	Thinking	someone	our	age	could	die	just	like
that.”
Casper	reaches	out	to	his	wife.	“Hey,”	he	says.	“Don’t	let	it	get	to	you.	We	don’t	know
what	happened.”
“Life	 is	 so	 short.”	 Laney	 smiles	 at	 Casper.	 “Forget	 the	 Whaling	 Museum,”	 she	 says.
“Let’s	go	to	the	beach.”
Benjamin	Winbury	is	sequestered	in	his	father’s	study	with	his	father	and	his	brother.
Intellectually,	Benji	understands	that	Merritt	is	dead,	that	she	drowned	out	front,	but	he
can’t	quite	come	to	terms	with	this	new	reality.	His	mind	won’t	switch	over	to	Merritt	is
dead.	He	is	stalled,	stuck,	in	Merritt	is	alive	and	the	wedding	will	go	ahead	as	scheduled
at	 four	 o’clock.	 His	 tuxedo	 is	 hanging	 up	 in	 the	 closet,	 and	 in	 the	 breast	 pocket	 of	 the
jacket	are	the	rings,	which	Benji	was	going	to	hand	over	to	Shooter	along	with	Shooter’s
best-man	gift,	a	pair	of	monogrammed	cuff	links.	He	still	has	things	to	check	off	on	his	to-

do	list,	such	as	setting	up	a	boat	trip	and	a	spa	day	for	Celeste	once	they	get	to	Santorini,
but	now	his	procrastination	doesn’t	matter.	The	wedding	has	been	canceled.
Of	 course	 the	 wedding	 has	 been	 canceled.	 There	 was	 no	 question	 of	 going	 forward
with	a	wedding	when	Celeste’s	best	friend	was	found	dead.
Benji	 is	 experiencing	 a	 host	 of	 very	 confusing	 emotions.	 He	 is	 upset,	 shocked,	 and
horrified	just	like	everyone	else.	And	yet	also	mixed	in	there	are	anger	and	resentment.	It’s
his	 wedding	 day!	 His	 parents	 have	 gone	 to	 enormous	 effort	 and	 expense	 to	 make	 this
wedding	unforgettable	and	now	it’s	all	for	naught.	But	aside	from	the	predictable	shallow
complaint	that	the	happiest	day	of	Benji’s	life	has	turned	out	to	be	tragic	and	chaotic,	there
is	a	deeper	sadness	that	he	won’t	be	entering	into	a	lifelong	commitment	with	the	woman
he	loves	beyond	all	comprehension.
He	has	been	influenced	enough	by	Celeste	that	he	now	occasionally	thinks	in	wildlife
metaphors.	Celeste	is	like	a	rare	butterfly	that	Benji	was	somehow	able	to	capture.	That
comparison	is,	no	doubt,	inappropriate	on	many	different	levels,	but	that’s	how	he	thinks
of	her	in	his	private	mind	where	no	one	can	judge	him,	that	she’s	like	an	exotic	bird	or
butterfly.	If	he	takes	that	imagery	further,	then	marrying	her	is	akin	to	putting	her	in	a	cage
or	pinning	her	to	a	board.	She	was	supposed	to	be	his.
What	 Merritt’s	 death	 has	 brought	 to	 light,	 however,	 is	 that	 Celeste	 belongs	 only	 to
herself.
She	was	the	one	who	found	Merritt.	With	Roger’s	help,	Celeste	pulled	Merritt’s	body
from	 the	 water.	 She	 was	 hysterical,	 beyond	 talking	 to,	 beyond	 consoling.	 She	 couldn’t
breathe,	and	Roger	and	the	paramedics	had	wisely	decided	to	take	Celeste	to	the	hospital
where	they	could	get	her	calmed	down.
Benji	waited	two	hours	before	he	went	to	see	her	in	order	to	give	her	time	and	space	to
process	what	had	happened,	but	when	he	arrived	to	pick	her	up,	their	conversation	had	not
gone	the	way	he	expected	it	to.
She	 had	 been	 in	 bed,	 woozy	 from	 the	 Valium,	 her	 eyelids	 fluttering	 open	 when	 he
walked	in	the	room.	He	sat	at	her	bedside,	took	her	hand,	and	said,	I’m	so	sorry.
She	shook	her	head	and	said,	It’s	my	fault.
For	reasons	he	could	not	explain,	this	answer	had	unleashed	a	mighty	fury	within	him.
He	 thought	 Celeste	 was	 blaming	 herself	 for	 having	 an	 oceanfront	 wedding,	 for	 asking
Merritt	to	be	her	maid	of	honor,	for	bringing	her	here	to	Nantucket.	And	Benji’s	response
to	 this	 came	 flying	 out:	 She	 was	 lucky	 to	 be	 here,	 lucky	 she	 had	 a	 friend	 like	 you,	 she
didn’t	deserve	you,	wasn’t	worthy	of	you,	Celeste.	And	furthermore,	she	probably	did	this
to	herself!	You	told	me	once	that	she	stockpiled	pills	and	considered	suicide,	so	what’s	to
say	that’s	not	what	this	is?	She	orchestrated	this	to	ruin	our	big	day!
Celeste	had	closed	her	eyes	and	Benji	thought	the	sedative	had	reclaimed	her	but	then
she	spoke.	I	can’t	believe	you	just	said	that.	You	blame	Merritt.	You	think	this	is	her	fault.
Because	 you’ve	 never	 liked	 her.	 You	 thought	 she	 was	 a	 bad	 influence.	 But	 she	 was	 my
friend,	Benji.	She	was	the	friend	I’d	been	looking	for	my	entire	life.	She	accepted	me,	she

loved	me,	she	took	care	of	me.	If	I	hadn’t	met	Merritt	when	I	did,	I	might	have	left	New
York.	 I	 might	 have	 gone	 back	 to	 Easton	 and	 worked	 at	 the	 zoo	 in	 Trexlertown.	 I	 might
never	have	met	you.	You	blame	Merritt	because	you	can’t	imagine	a	scenario	where	maybe
someone	 in	 your	 house,	 someone	 in	 your	 family,	 made	 a	 very,	 very	 grave	 mistake.	 You
think	your	family	is	beyond	reproach.	But	you’re	wrong.
What	are	you	talking	about?	Benji	asked.
You’ll	find	out	soon	enough,	Celeste	said.	But	right	now	I’d	like	you	to	leave.	I	want	to
talk	to	the	police.	Alone.
What?	 Benji	 said.	 What	 about	 your	 parents?	 Do	 they	 even	 know?	 They	 were	 still	 in
their	room	when	I	left.
I’ve	called	my	father,	Celeste	said.	Now,	please,	go.
Benji	had	been	incredulous,	but	he	could	see	by	the	set	of	her	jaw	that	she	was	serious.
Benji	stood	to	go.	He	knew	there	was	no	point	broaching	the	topic	of	getting	married	in
Greece	or	rescheduling	the	wedding	for	August.	Merritt’s	death	had	changed	things.	He’d
lost	Celeste.
Now	 he’s	 left	 to	 pace	 Tag’s	 study,	 asking	 the	 same	 question	 over	 and	 over	 again	 of	 his
father	and	brother.
“What	happened?”	Benji	had	gone	to	bed	after	they	all	got	back	from	town	last	night.
But	Thomas	and	Tag	stayed	up.	“Right?”	Benji	asks.	“Right?”
“Right,”	Tag	says.	“It	was	Thomas,	myself,	Merritt,	and	Featherleigh.”
“What	were	you	guys	doing?”	Benji	asks.
Thomas	shrugs.	“Drinking.”
“Drinking	what?”	Benji	asks.	“Scotch?”
“Rum,”	Tag	says.	“I	just	wanted	to	finish	my	cigar,	enjoy	the	evening.	I	was	sitting	in
peace	with	your	brother	until	Merritt	and	Featherleigh	joined	us.”
“Where	did	they	come	from?”	Benji	asks.
“They’d	clearly	met	at	the	party	and	hit	it	off,”	Tag	says.	“They	came	out	of	the	house
chatting	like	soul	sisters.	Like	Thelma	and	Louise.”
“Abby	called	me	up	to	bed	shortly	after	those	two	sat	down	with	us,”	Thomas	says.	He
holds	up	his	palms.	“I	literally	have	nothing	to	do	with	this.	I	barely	knew	Merritt.	But	she
had	that	look.	You	know	the	look?	She	was	trouble.”
“Amen,”	Tag	whispers.
“Did	Merritt	seem	really	drunk?”	Benji	asks.	“Did	it	seem	like	she	was	on	something?”
“You	need	to	relax,	bro,”	Thomas	says.	“The	police	will	sort	this	out.”
The	 police,	 Benji	 thinks.	 That’s	 why	 the	 three	 of	 them	 are	 holed	 up	 in	 his	 father’s
study;	they’re	waiting	to	be	questioned	by	the	police.	The	study	smells	like	tobacco	and

peat	 and	 it’s	 filled	 with	 antiques—sextants,	 barometers,	 prints	 of	 long-ago	 British	 naval
victories.	Most	men	find	Tag’s	study	intriguing;	Benji	finds	it	obnoxious.	Although,	under
the	circumstances,	it	makes	a	serviceable	bunker,	and	Benji	could	use	a	drink.
“Pour	me	a	Glenmorangie?”	he	asks	his	father.
“Before	you	talk	to	the	police?”	Tag	asks.	“Is	that	wise?”
“Nantucket	Police,	intimidating	bunch,”	Thomas	says.	“I’ll	pour	it.”	He	heads	over	to
the	bar.	“If	they	suspected	Benji,	they	would	have	questioned	him	first.”
“Suspected	 me?”	 Benji	 says.	 This	 isn’t	 something	 that	 has	 crossed	 his	 mind.	 “Why
would	they	suspect	me?”	At	that	moment,	there’s	a	knock	on	the	study	door,	and	Benji’s
heart	somersaults	in	fear.	Do	the	police	suspect	him?
Tag	strides	across	the	room	to	open	the	door.	His	father	looks	respectable	in	a	white
polo	 shirt	 and	 a	 pair	 of	 dark	 madras	 shorts,	 but	 Benji	 and	 Thomas	 are	 still	 in	 the	 gym
shorts	and	T-shirts	they	slept	in.
It’s	 Reverend	 Derby	 at	 the	 door.	 All	 three	 Winbury	 men	 exhale	 a	 sigh	 of	 relief.	 The
reverend	embraces	Tag.
“I	came	to	see	if	I	can	help,”	the	reverend	says.
Benji	can’t	handle	any	talk	of	God	right	now.	He	isn’t	in	the	mood	to	hear	that	this	was
part	of	God’s	plan,	nor	does	he	want	to	debate	the	question	of	whether	it	was	a	suicide	and
what	that	might	mean	for	Merritt’s	soul.
“What’s	going	on	out	there?”	Tag	asks	Reverend	Derby.	“Is	there	any	news?”
“No	 one	 has	 said	 anything	 directly	 to	 me,”	 the	 reverend	 says.	 “But	 I	 overheard
someone	 saying	 that	 the	 medical	 examiner	 found	 a	 sedative	 in	 the	 young	 woman’s
bloodstream.	She	must	have	gone	swimming	for	some	reason	and	then	just	passed	out.”
A	 sedative,	 Benji	 thinks.	 Bingo.	 Merritt	 took	 an	 Ambien	 and	 went	 into	 that	 welldocumented	 twilight	 state	 where	 her	 brain	 was	 shutting	 down	 though	 her	 body	 was	 still
awake.	She	went	out	for	a	late-night	swim	and	she	drowned.
Reverend	Derby	claps	Benji	on	the	shoulder.	“How	are	you	holding	up,	young	man?”
Benji	shrugs.	He	sees	no	point	in	lying	to	Reverend	Derby.	He	is	like	part	of	the	family,
as	close	as	an	uncle.	Most	of	Benji’s	memories	of	him	are	secular.	Reverend	Derby	comes
each	year	to	the	Winburys’	anglicized	Thanksgiving;	he	goes	with	Tag	to	Yankee	games;
he	 has	 spent	 many	 weekends	 here	 on	 Nantucket;	 he	 attended	 Thomas’s	 and	 Benji’s
graduations	 from	 high	 school,	 college,	 grad	 school.	 Having	 Reverend	 Derby	 around
always	 lent	 the	 family	 a	 certain	 moral	 authority,	 although	 none	 of	 the	 four	 Winburys	 is
particularly	 religious.	 Or	 Benji	 isn’t.	 He	 understands	 he	 can’t	 speak	 for	 anyone	 else’s
interior	life,	but	his	life	has	been	so	blessed—up	to	this	point—that	he	has	had	no	need	for
religion.
“I’m	mostly	concerned	for	Celeste,”	he	says.	“This	has	blindsided	her.”
Reverend	Derby	looks	at	him	with	his	watery	blue	eyes	but	knows	better	than	to	speak.

He	lifts	his	hand	from	Benji’s	shoulder.	“I’m	going	to	give	you	your	privacy.	Just	know
I’m	here	if	you	need	me.”
Tag	shakes	Reverend	Derby’s	hand	as	he	shows	him	the	door.
Thomas	says,	“Scotch.”
Benji	and	Thomas	are	each	a	drink	and	a	half	in	when	there’s	another	knock	at	the	door.
Again,	Tag	stands	to	answer.	Again,	Benji’s	heart	reacts	like	a	pit	bull	straining	on	a	chain.
It’s	Benji’s	mother.
“May	 I	 come	 in?”	 she	 asks	 Tag.	 Her	 voice	 is	 arch.	 Benji	 knows	 she	 doesn’t	 like	 the
way	Tag	guards	the	privacy	of	his	study.	It	makes	her	suspicious,	she	says.
Tag	 holds	 the	 door	 open	 and	 extends	 a	 hand.	 Greer	 walks	 in.	 She,	 too,	 is	 dressed
appropriately,	in	a	pair	of	white	pants	and	a	linen	tank	the	color	of	whole-wheat	bread.	Her
hair	 is	 up	 in	 a	 chignon	 and	 she	 is	 wearing	 lipstick.	 Celeste	 would	 be	 offended,	 Benji
suspects,	that	Greer	saw	fit	to	put	on	lipstick	this	morning,	but	Greer	is	a	certain	kind	of
British	 woman	 who	 wouldn’t	 want	 the	 strangers	 in	 the	 house—the	 police,	 the	 forensics
experts,	the	detective—to	see	her	without	makeup,	no	matter	the	circumstances.
“Mom?”	he	says.	He	believes	in	his	mother’s	ability	to	somehow	make	this	situation
bearable.
“Oh,	 Benny,”	 she	 says.	 She	 uses	 his	 long-abandoned	 childhood	 nickname.	 It	 hits	 the
right	note;	he	knows	she	loves	him.	She	squeezes	him	so	tightly	he	can	feel	her	bones	and
her	beating	heart.	When	she	pulls	away,	she	looks	right	at	him	and	he	can	feel	her	trying	to
shore	 him	 up.	 If	 anyone’s	 hopes	 and	 dreams	 have	 been	 razed	 as	 much	 as	 his	 by	 the
wedding	going	up	in	smoke,	it’s	Greer’s.	And	yet	she	seems	to	be	processing	the	turn	of
events	with	mournful	dignity,	exactly	as	she	should.
“Have	you	talked	to	the	Otises?”	he	asks.	“Celeste	said	she	called	her	father.”
“They	haven’t	emerged	from	their	room,”	Greer	says.	“I	had	Elida	deliver	a	tray	with
lunch,	but	I’m	sure	they’re	too	upset	to	eat	much.”	She	eyes	the	tumblers	of	scotch	on	the
coffee	table.	“Have	you	boys	eaten	anything?”
“No,”	Benji	says.
“I	could	eat,”	Thomas	says.
Greer	looks	at	him	sharply.	“Well.	There	are	sandwiches	in	the	kitchen.”
“What’s	going	on,	exactly?”	Tag	asks.	“We’re	still	waiting	to	speak	to	the	detectives.”
“I	had	my	interview	with	the	fellow	from	the	state	police,”	Greer	says.	“I	daresay,	he
has	it	in	for	me—”
“For	you?”	Benji	says.
Greer	 waves	 a	 hand.	 “I’m	 not	 sure	 what	 they’re	 thinking.	 The	 Nantucket	 Chief	 just
called	to	ask	what	inn	Featherleigh	is	staying	at.”
“Featherleigh?”	Thomas	says.	“What	the	hell	does	she	have	to	do	with	anything?”

“Well,”	Tag	says,	“she	was	the	last	person	to	see	Merritt.”
“Was	she?”	Greer	asks.
“She	was?”	Thomas	says.
Tag	 turns	 away	 from	 all	 of	 them	 and	 goes	 to	 pour	 his	 own	 scotch	 at	 the	 bar	 cart.	 “I
believe	so,”	he	says,	looking	into	his	glass	before	drinking.	“Yes.”
“Wasn’t	 Featherleigh	 with	 you?”	 Greer	 asks.	 She	 sounds	 more	 interested	 than
accusatory.	“Didn’t	you	take	her	out	for	a	ride	in	the	kayak?”
“Featherleigh?”	Thomas	says.	“Why	would	Dad	take	Featherleigh	out	for	a	ride	in	the
kayak?	She’s	hardly	the	seafaring	type.”
“I	didn’t	take	Featherleigh	out	in	the	kayak,”	Tag	says.
“You	didn’t?”	Greer	says.
“I	didn’t,”	Tag	says.
“You	took	someone	out	for	a	kayak,”	Greer	says.	“The	kayak,	the	two-person	kayak,
was	left	overturned	on	the	beach.	With	only	one	oar.	And	we	all	know	nobody	else	used
it.”
Benji	sinks	into	one	of	the	leather	club	chairs	and	throws	back	what’s	left	of	his	scotch.
He	doesn’t	like	where	this	is	headed.	Here	is	his	nuclear	family,	his	parents	and	his	older
brother.	They	are	the	Winburys,	a	very	fortunate	group,	not	only	because	of	their	money,
position,	and	advantages,	but	also	because,	by	the	standards	of	today,	they	are	“normal.”	A
happy,	normal	family;	a	family,	he	would	have	said,	without	secrets	or	drama.
But	now	he’s	not	so	sure.
He	speaks	to	the	room.	“Who	did	you	take	out	in	the	kayak,	Dad?”	He	thinks	back	to
what	Celeste	said,	that	someone	in	his	family	had	made	a	very,	very	grave	mistake.
Benji	stands	up.	“Dad?”
Tag	is	facing	the	bar	cart.	He	has	one	hand	on	his	glass	and	one	hand	wrapped	around
the	neck	of	the	Glenmorangie.	Greer	is	watching	him.	Thomas	is	watching	him.	They’re
all	waiting	for	an	answer.
His	voice	is	barely	a	whisper	but	his	words	and	tone	are	clear.
“Merritt,”	he	says.	“I	took	Merritt	out	in	the	kayak.”

KAREN

Karen	 wakes	 up	 with	 a	 start.	 The	 sunlight	 is	 pouring	 through	 the	 windows,	 bright	 and
lemony.	She	was	supposed	to	be	up	at	eight	thirty	to	help	Celeste	get	ready,	but	she	can
tell	it’s	much	later	than	that.	She	reaches	over	to	check	her	phone.	It’s	half	past	noon.
Karen	shrieks	and	sits	up	in	bed.	Bizarrely,	there’s	no	pain.	No	pain?	Her	last	oxy	was
late	last	night,	but	still,	that	was	twelve	hours	ago.	On	a	normal	day,	her	nerve	endings	are
screaming	after	seven	or	eight	hours.
“Bruce?”	she	calls	out.	His	side	of	the	bed	is	empty	but—she	reaches	out	a	hand—still
warm.
She	hears	him	retching.	He’s	in	the	bathroom.	The	blackberry	mojitos	and	the	scotch
must	have	caught	up	with	him.	The	toilet	flushes,	the	water	runs,	and	then	Bruce	comes
into	the	bedroom.	He	looks	smaller,	she	thinks.	And	ten	years	older.
He	comes	to	sit	next	to	her	on	the	edge	of	the	bed.
“Karen,”	he	says.	“The	wedding	has	been	canceled.”
“Canceled?”	 she	 says.	 Somehow,	 she	 already	 knew	 this,	 but	 how?	 She	 tries	 to	 piece
together	 the	 events	 of	 the	 night	 before.	 Celeste	 had	 wanted	 to	 stay	 home	 but	 Bruce	 and
Karen	had	encouraged	her	to	go	out.	They	wanted	her	to	enjoy	herself.
Celeste!
Karen	 had	 had	 a	 bad	 dream—she	 was	 trying	 to	 find	 Celeste	 but	 couldn’t	 get	 to	 her.
And	then	came	the	revelation:	Celeste	didn’t	want	to	marry	Benji.	Karen	had	tiptoed	down
to	 Celeste’s	 room;	 it	 had	 been	 empty.	 She	 had	 gone	 downstairs.	 She	 had	 overheard	 the
strange,	awful	conversation	between	Bruce	and	Tag.
Robin	Swain.
Karen	shakes	her	head.	Last	night,	the	confession	about	Robin	Swain	had	seemed	so
devastating,	 but	 this	 morning,	 her	 shock	 and	 horror	 have	 vanished,	 just	 like	 her	 pain.
Human	beings	experience	all	kinds	of	crazy	and	unexpected	emotions	while	they	are	alive.
Robin	Swain	was	nothing	more	than	a	tiny	blip	on	the	screen	of	their	distant	past.
“Celeste	doesn’t	want	to	marry	Benji,”	Karen	says.
“No,	Karen,”	Bruce	says.	“That’s	not	it.”
But	that	is	it,	Karen	thinks.	She	has	never	once	said	this,	but	she	does	believe	she	is
naturally	closer	and	more	in	tune	with	Celeste	than	Bruce	is.	Celeste	is	Bruce’s	little	girl,
no	doubt	about	that,	but	he	doesn’t	understand	Celeste’s	mind	like	Karen	does.

“Merritt	 died,	 Karen,”	 Bruce	 says.	 “Celeste’s	 friend	 Merritt.	 The	 maid	 of	 honor.	 She
died	last	night.”
Karen	 feels	 like	 her	 head	 is	 going	 to	 topple	 right	 off	 her	 neck	 and	 onto	 the	 floor.
“What?”	she	says.
“They	found	her	floating	in	the	harbor	this	morning,”	Bruce	says.	“She	drowned.”
“She	drowned?”	Karen	says.	“She	drowned	last	night?”
“Apparently	so,”	Bruce	says.	“I	was	with	Tag	and	then	I	came	to	bed.	You	were	asleep
when	I	came	in.	That	was	pretty	late,	but	it	must	have	happened	afterward.”
“Oh	no,”	Karen	says.	She	is	aghast,	really	and	truly	aghast.	Merritt	was	so	young,	so
beautiful	and	confident.	“How…	what…”
“She	 drank	 or	 took	 drugs,	 I	 guess,”	 Bruce	 says.	 “And	 then	 she	 went	 swimming.	 I
mean,	what	other	explanation	is	there?”
“Where’s	Celeste?”	Karen	asks.
“The	paramedics	took	her	to	the	hospital,”	Bruce	says.	His	eyes	fill	with	tears.	“Celeste
was	the	one	who	found	her.”
“No!	 No,	 no,	 no!”	 Their	 poor,	 sweet	 daughter!	 Karen	 fears	 Celeste	 doesn’t	 have	 the
strength	to	deal	with	this.	She	is	too	fragile,	too	gentle	and	kind.	This	had	been	true	even
in	adolescence,	especially	in	adolescence.	Other	people’s	daughters	had	been	drinking	and
smoking,	 secretly	 going	 on	 the	 pill	 or	 being	 fitted	 for	 diaphragms.	 Celeste	 had	 stayed
home	with	Bruce	and	Karen	watching	Friday	Night	Lights.	 That	 had	 been	 their	 favorite
show,	so	much	so	that	Tim	Riggins	and	Tami	Taylor	felt	like	friends	of	the	family,	and,
often,	Bruce,	Karen,	and	Celeste	would	look	at	one	another	over	their	morning	cereal	and
say,	“Clear	eyes,	full	hearts,	can’t	lose.”	Celeste	volunteered	at	the	Lehigh	Valley	Zoo	in
Trexlertown	 on	 the	 weekends.	 Bruce	 would	 drop	 her	 off	 and	 Karen	 would	 pick	 her	 up.
Karen	would	nearly	always	find	Celeste	with	the	lemurs	or	the	otters,	either	feeding	them
or	scolding	them	like	naughty	children.	Karen	used	to	have	to	yank	her	out	of	there.	On
Saturday	nights,	they	would	go	to	Diner	248	and	then	to	the	movies.	Celeste	would	often
see	kids	from	school	in	groups	or	on	dates	and	she	would	wave	and	smile,	but	she	never
seemed	embarrassed	to	be	seen	with	her	parents.	She	was	always	even-keeled	and	content,
as	though	she	simply	preferred	to	be	with	Bruce	and	Karen.	Mac	and	Betty.
“And	so	now	the	wedding	has	been	canceled,”	Karen	says.
“Yes,”	Bruce	says.	“And	the	police	are	conducting	an	investigation.”
“Does	the	girl	have	family?”	Karen	asks.
“Not	much,	I	guess,”	Bruce	says.	“She	hasn’t	spoken	to	her	parents	in	seven	years.”
Seven	years?	 Karen	 thinks.	 She’s	 nearly	 as	 upset	 about	 that	 as	 she	 is	 about	 Merritt’s
passing.	And	yet,	Karen	could	tell	from	the	girl’s	demeanor	that	no	one	had	been	looking
out	for	her,	not	even	from	afar.
So	now	there	will	be	no	wedding.	Karen	understood	this	last	night,	but	she	had	thought

the	reason	would	be	different.	She	thought	Celeste	would	call	it	off.
And	then	Karen’s	visit	to	the	psychic	comes	flooding	back	in	vivid	detail.
The	psychic’s	studio	was	in	downtown	Easton,	half	a	block	from	the	Crayola	factory;
Karen	used	to	pass	it	all	the	time	on	her	way	to	and	from	work.	She	had	looked	at	the	sign
with	 only	 mild	 curiosity.	 KATHRYN	 RANDALL,	 PSYCHIC:	 INTUITIVE	 READINGS,	 ANGEL
WHISPERER.	Kathryn	Randall	was	such	a	pretty	name,	such	a	normal,	field-of-daisies	name;
this	had	been	part	of	what	triggered	Karen’s	interest.	Her	name	wasn’t	Veda	or	Krystal	or
Starshower.	It	was	Kathryn	Randall.
Karen	visited	Kathryn	Randall	two	days	after	she	received	news	of	her	metastases.	She
wasn’t	 looking	 for	 Kathryn	 to	 predict	 her	 future—she	 would	 live	 for	 weeks,	 months,	 a
year,	and	then	she	would	die—but	she	had	to	know	what	life	held	for	Celeste.
Kathryn’s	“studio”	was	just	a	normal	living	room.	Karen	sat	on	a	gray	tweed	sofa	and
stared	 at	 Kathryn’s	 diploma	 from	 the	 University	 of	 Wisconsin.	 She	 handed	 Kathryn	 a
photograph	of	Celeste	and	said,	“I	need	to	know	if	you	have	any	intuitive	thoughts	about
my	daughter.”
Kathryn	Randall	was	in	her	mid-thirties,	as	pretty	as	her	name,	with	long	light	brown
hair,	flawless	skin,	a	calming	smile.	She	looked	like	a	kindergarten	teacher.	Kathryn	had
studied	the	photograph	for	a	long	time,	long	enough	for	Karen	to	grow	uncomfortable.	She
was	 thrown	 by	 the	 conventional	 surroundings.	 She	 had	 expected	 silk	 curtains,	 candles,
maybe	 even	 a	 crystal	 ball,	 something	 that	 suggested	 a	 connection	 to	 the	 supernatural
world.
Kathryn	 Randall	 closed	 her	 eyes,	 and	 she	 started	 to	 talk	 in	 a	 slow,	 hypnotic	 voice.
Celeste	was	an	old	soul,	she	said.	She	had	been	to	the	earth	before,	more	than	once,	which
accounted	for	her	serenity.	She	didn’t	ever	feel	the	need	to	impress.	She	was	comfortable
with	who	she	was.
Kathryn	stopped	suddenly	and	opened	her	eyes.	“Does	that	sound	right?”
“It	does,”	Karen	said,	growing	excited.	“It	really	does.”
Kathryn	nodded.	“She’ll	be	happy.	Eventually.”
“Eventually?”	Karen	said.
A	concerned	look	passed	across	Kathryn’s	face,	like	a	breeze	rippling	the	surface	of	a
pond.	“Her	romantic	life…”	Kathryn	said.
“Yes?”	Karen	said.
“I	see	chaos.”
“Chaos?”	Karen	said.	Here	she	had	thought	Celeste’s	love	life	was	rock	solid.	She	was
engaged	to	Benjamin	Winbury.	It	was	a	real-life	fairy	tale.
Kathryn	offered	a	weak	smile.	“You	were	right	to	come	to	me,”	she	said.	“But	there’s
nothing	either	one	of	us	can	do	about	it.”

Karen	had	paid	the	thirty-dollar	fee	and	left.	Chaos.	Chaos?
After	 that,	 Karen	 had	 avoided	 walking	 by	 Kathryn	 Randall’s	 studio.	 She	 started
parking	in	the	lot	on	Ferry	Street,	even	though	it	was	farther	away.
Now,	Karen’s	mind	starts	to	grind.	Kathryn	Randall	was	correct	about	chaos.	The	wedding
has	been	canceled.	Merritt	is	dead.	She	drank	or	took	pills,	Bruce	said,	then	drowned.
Pills,	Karen	thinks,	and	she	suddenly	feels	as	nauseated	as	she	did	after	her	first	round
of	chemo.	Karen	had	caught	Merritt	coming	out	of	this	very	bedroom	last	night.	Merritt
had	said	she	was	looking	for	Celeste,	but	that	sounded	like	a	fabrication.	She	hadn’t	been
looking	 for	 Celeste;	 she	 had	 been	 looking	 for	 pills.	 Had	 she	 gotten	 as	 far	 as	 the	 third
drawer	in	the	bathroom?	Had	she	found	the	bottle	of	oxy	and	the	three	pearlescent	ovoids
mixed	in?	Had	she	been	curious	about	those	pills	and	taken	one	to	see	what	happened?
The	notion	is	too	appalling	for	tears.	It	is	a	dense,	dark,	soul-destroying	thought:	Not
only	is	Merritt	dead	but	it’s	Karen’s	fault.
She	needs	to	check	her	pills.
She	can’t	check	her	pills.
If	she	checks	her	pills	and	finds	one	or	more	of	the	pearlescent	ovoids	missing,	what
will	she	tell	Bruce?	Celeste?	The	police?
Her	thoughts	are	a	soundless	scream.
She	can’t	continue	another	second	not	knowing.	Karen	gets	to	her	feet.	Her	pain	is	still
at	bay,	which	is	impossible,	she	knows.	She	hasn’t	taken	an	oxy	in	nearly	twelve	hours,	so
something	else	is	at	work	in	her	body.	The	shock.
Bruce	falls	back	on	the	bed,	his	eyes	open.	He	is	there	but	not	there,	which	is	just	as
well.	Karen	closes	the	bathroom	door,	locks	it.	She	sits	on	the	toilet	and	slides	open	the
third	drawer.	She	takes	out	the	bottle	of	pills.
She	clutches	the	bottle	in	her	fist.
Then	 she	 lays	 out	 a	 clean	 white	 washcloth	 and	 empties	 all	 of	 the	 pills	 onto	 it.	 She
stares	at	the	pile,	smooths	them	out.
One,	 two…	 three	 pearlescent	 ovoids,	 present	 and	 accounted	 for.	 And	 then,	 for	 good
measure,	she	counts	the	oxy.	All	there.
The	 rush	 of	 relief	 Karen	 feels	 nearly	 knocks	 her	 unconscious.	 She	 sways;	 splotches
appear	in	her	vision.
Karen	 staggers	 back	 to	 lie	 down	 on	 the	 white	 bed.	 The	 shape	 of	 her	 body	 is	 still
imprinted	in	the	sheets	and	blankets,	like	a	snow	angel.	She	fits	herself	back	in	like	a	piece
of	a	puzzle	and	closes	her	eyes.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	2:47	p.m.

THE	CHIEF

He’s	 prepared	 to	 give	 Valerie	 Gluckstern	 one	 hour	 with	 Shooter	 Uxley,	 but	 after	 only
twenty	minutes,	she	tells	the	Chief	that	her	client	is	ready	to	answer	questions.
In	the	interview	room,	the	Chief	sits	down	across	the	table	from	Shooter	and	Val.	The
Chief	feels	infinitely	better	since	eating	his	lunch	but	he	needs	to	come	up	with	something
here	because	Barney	from	forensics	called	to	say	they	found	nothing	in	the	shot	glasses,
on	the	cigar,	or	in	the	bottle	of	rum.
“Are	you	sure?”	the	Chief	asked.	“There	has	to	be	something	in	one	of	the	glasses.”
And	Barney,	who	did	not	like	having	his	expertise	questioned,	had	sworn	at	the	Chief
and	hung	up.
“My	thinking	has	changed	substantially	from	this	morning,”	the	Chief	says.	He	knows
Nick	likes	to	ease	into	things,	build	a	rapport,	and	allow	information	to	flow	organically,
but	the	Chief	isn’t	feeling	it.	A	girl	is	dead,	this	guy	made	a	run	for	it,	and	the	Chief	wants
answers.	Now.
“Mr.	 Uxley	 is	 prepared	 to	 answer	 all	 your	 questions,	 as	 I	 said,”	 Val	 says.	 “He	 has
nothing	to	hide.”
The	 Chief	 stares	 at	 the	 kid.	 He’s	 too	 damn	 good-looking	 to	 pity,	 although	 he	 seems
pretty	shaken	up.
“Tell	me	where	you	were	coming	from	this	morning,”	the	Chief	says.
Shooter	 spreads	 his	 fingers	 out	 on	 the	 table	 in	 front	 of	 him	 and	 stares	 at	 them	 as	 he
speaks.	“The	Steamship,”	he	says.
“What	were	you	doing	at	the	Steamship?”	the	Chief	asks.
“I	was	trying	to	leave	the	island,”	Shooter	says.
“But	you	missed	the	boat?”	the	Chief	says.
“I	didn’t	miss	the	boat,”	Shooter	says.	“I	just	changed	my	mind.”
“You	 changed	 your	 mind,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “You’d	 better	 start	 explaining	 yourself,
son.”	The	Chief	looks	at	Val.	“Your	client	lied	about	being	at	the	Wauwinet.	He	lied	about
his	alibi.	Then	he	tried	to	board	the	Hy-Line	with	a	stolen	ticket.	Now	I’m	hearing	that	he
was	 at	 the	 Steamship	 this	 morning	 to	 board	 the	 six-thirty	 boat,	 presumably	 without
anyone’s	knowledge,	since	the	groom	told	Sergeant	Dickson	he	was	missing.	The	ME	put
the	 time	 of	 death	 on	 the	 girl	 between	 two	 forty-five	 and	 three	 forty-five.	 She	 was	 dead,
and	 then	 he	 decided	 to	 flee.	 On	 the	 basis	 of	 these	 facts	 alone,	 I	 have	 probable	 cause	 to
hold	you	for	murder	one.”

“You	do	not,”	Val	says.
The	Chief	turns	to	Shooter.	“You’d	better	cough	up	one	hell	of	a	believable	story.”
Shooter	taps	his	fingers	one	by	one,	starting	with	his	left	pinkie,	proceeding	all	the	way
to	his	right	pinkie,	and	then	going	back	again.
Val	 puts	 a	 hand	 on	 his	 forearm.	 “Tell	 the	 Chief	 what	 you	 told	 me,”	 she	 says.	 “It’s
okay.”
“I	left	the	Winbury	compound	early	this	morning,”	Shooter	says.	“I	walked	all	the	way
to	 the	 rotary	 and	 caught	 a	 cab	 down	 to	 the	 Steamship.	 I	 was	 going	 to	 the	 Steamship
because…”	He	hesitates,	looks	at	Val.	She	nods.	“Because	I	was	running	away	with	the
bride.”
Running	away	with	the	bride,	the	Chief	thinks.	This	was	one	hell	of	a	wedding.
“I’m	in	love	with	Celeste	and	she	said	she	was	in	love	with	me,”	Shooter	says.	“Last
night	a	bunch	of	us	went	out	after	the	party	and	Celeste	and	I	peeled	off	to	get	some	pizza
and	I	asked	her	to	run	away	with	me.”	He	pauses,	looks	down	at	the	table,	takes	a	deep,
shaky	breath,	then	continues.	“I	told	her	that	I	would	take	care	of	her,	that	I	would	love	her
forever.	All	she	had	to	do	was	meet	me	at	the	Steamship	at	six	o’clock	this	morning.	We
were	going	to	hop	on	the	six-thirty	slow	boat	to	Hyannis,	rent	a	car,	drive	to	Boston,	fly	to
Las	Vegas,	and	get	married	ourselves.”
Val	says,	“Mr.	Uxley	waited	at	the	Steamship	for	Miss	Otis	until	six	thirty-five.”	She
turns	to	Shooter.	“Is	that	accurate?”
“When	 I	 saw	 the	 ferry	 pulling	 out,	 when	 I	 heard	 the	 foghorn,	 I	 knew	 she	 wasn’t
coming,”	Shooter	says.	“I	had	figured	there	was	a	fifty-fifty	chance	she’d	be	there.	When
she	didn’t	show,	I	thought	she’d	decided	to	marry	Benji.	So	I	took	a	taxi	back	to	the	house.
Because	I	was	the	best	man.	And	there	was	going	to	be	a	wedding	after	all.”
“That’s	when	I	saw	you?”	the	Chief	asks.
“And	 you	 told	 me	 Merritt	 was	 dead.”	 He	 shakes	 his	 head.	 “You	 know,	 Celeste	 was
afraid	to	follow	through	with	our	plan	because	she	thought	something	bad	would	happen	if
we	did	it.”	He	swallows.	“I’m	sure	she’s	blaming	herself.”
“Why	 didn’t	 you	 tell	 me	 this	 in	 the	 first	 place?”	 the	 Chief	 asks.	 “Instead	 of	 coming
clean,	you	lied	to	me,	then	you	ran	off.	You	understand	the	light	that	puts	you	in?	Why
should	I	believe	a	word	you	say?”
“I	was	rattled,”	Shooter	says.	“I	thought	I	was	coming	back	to	a	wedding	and	instead,
you	tell	me	that	Merritt	is	dead?	I	couldn’t	add	our	drama	on	top	of	that.	Celeste	would
have	had	to	corroborate	my	story,	and	I	wanted	to	protect	her	from	that.	And	I	didn’t	want
the	Winburys	to	know.	I	was	agitated	and	confused	and	I	figured	it	would	be	easier	to	just
say	I’d	been	with	Gina.	I	didn’t	think	you’d	actually	check	it	out.	Then,	once	I	knew	I’d
been	caught	in	a	lie,	I	figured	my	only	course	of	action	was	to	bolt.”	Shooter	looks	at	the
Chief.	“I	realize	I	handled	this	poorly.	But	I	didn’t	kill	Merritt.”
“Did	Merritt	know	the	two	of	you	were	running	away?”	the	Chief	asks.	“Do	you	think

Celeste	confided	in	her?”
“We	agreed	not	to	tell	anyone,”	Shooter	says.	“We	were	going	to	make	a	clean	break
for	it,	get	off	the	island,	then	tell	everyone	later.	Celeste	wasn’t	even	going	to	say	anything
to	her	parents.	So,	no,	I	do	not	think	she	confided	in	Merritt.”
The	interview	room	is	quiet	for	a	second.	The	Chief	is	combing	back	through	the	story.
Does	it	make	sense?	Does	it	have	any	holes?	Nick	is	a	strong	believer	in	intuition	when	it
comes	to	questioning.	The	story	may	make	sense,	but	do	you	believe	the	guy?
Yes,	the	Chief	thinks.	He	recalls	Roger	saying	that	when	Celeste	found	the	body,	she
had	a	bag	packed.	She	was	headed	to	meet	Shooter	and	she…	what?	Caught	a	glimpse	of
something	in	the	water	as	she	was	leaving?	It	wasn’t	impossible.
She	 had	 a	 bag	 packed.	 For	 that	 reason,	 and	 that	 reason	 alone,	 the	 Chief	 is	 going	 to
choose	to	believe	Mr.	Uxley.
He	stands	up	and	nods	at	Val.	“You	two	are	free	to	go,”	he	says.	He	has	to	move	on—
and	quickly—to	Tag	Winbury	and	the	Dale	woman,	whoever	she	is.

August	2017

CELESTE

Her	mother’s	cancer	has	metastasized	to	her	bones.	There	are	tumors	on	her	spine.	The
cancer	isn’t	curable.	They	can,	however,	do	another	course	of	chemo,	which	will	buy	her	a
year	to	eighteen	months.
Benji’s	response	to	the	news	is	to	pull	Celeste	closer	and	hold	her	tighter.	They	are	now
engaged,	and	this	has	inspired	him	to	become	the	spokesperson	for	we.	He	wants	Karen	to
get	a	second	opinion	at	Mount	Sinai.	His	parents	know	“influential	people”	who	sit	on	the
board	of	directors.	They’ll	be	able	to	get	Karen	an	appointment	with	the	“best	doctors,	the
very	best	doctors.”
Celeste	 resents	 Benji’s	 involvement.	 She	 and	 her	 parents	 are	 an	 insular	 unit:	 Mac,
Betty,	and	Bug.	They	are	the	we.	It	feels	like	Benji	is	horning	in	with	his	connections	and
his	optimism.	In	Benji’s	world,	every	problem	has	a	solution,	thanks	to	who	the	Winburys
know	and	how	much	money	they	have.
Celeste	 says,	 “My	 parents	 can’t	 afford	 to	 get	 a	 second	 opinion	 at	 Mount	 Sinai.	 My
father’s	insurance	was	maxed	out	long	ago.”
“I’ll	pay	for	it,”	Benji	says.
“I	don’t	want	you	to	pay	for	it!”	Celeste	says.	“My	mother	has	a	doctor	she	likes	and
trusts.	Dr.	Edman	at	St.	Luke’s—which	is	a	real	hospital,	by	the	way,	not	just	some	clinic
in	a	strip	mall.”
“Okay,	 I	 get	 it,”	 Benji	 says,	 though	 Celeste	 knows	 exactly	 what	 he’s	 thinking.	 He’s
thinking	that	St.	Luke’s	isn’t	as	good	as	Mount	Sinai.	How	could	it	possibly	be	as	good
when	 it	 isn’t	 in	 New	 York	 City	 and	 Tag	 and	 Greer	 don’t	 know	 anyone	 who	 sits	 on	 the
board?	“I’m	only	trying	to	help.”
“Thank	 you,”	 Celeste	 says	 as	 sincerely	 as	 she	 can.	 “I’m	 very	 upset	 and	 I	 want	 to
handle	this	my	own	way.”
Because	Celeste	is	just	back	from	her	Nantucket	vacation,	she	can’t	take	any	more	time
off;	it’s	the	end	of	summer	and	the	zoo	is	simply	too	busy.	But	in	the	middle	of	her	first
week	 back,	 Celeste	 rents	 a	 Zipcar	 and	 drives	 out	 to	 see	 her	 parents	 after	 work.	 When
Celeste	reaches	the	house	on	Derhammer	Street,	she	finds	her	mother	sitting	at	the	kitchen
table	with	a	coloring	book	for	adults	and	a	deluxe	set	of	sixty-four	pencils.	Celeste	walks
in,	and	she	holds	up	the	page	she’s	been	working	on.	It’s	a	mandala.
“Not	bad,	huh?”	Karen	says.	She	has	colored	the	mandala	in	shades	of	green,	blue,	and
purple.
“Pretty,”	Celeste	says,	but	her	voice	is	shaky	and	her	eyes	well	up.	Karen	has	worked

at	the	Crayola	factory	gift	shop	for	over	a	decade.	Some	people	sniff	at	what	they	see	as	a
menial	job	selling	boxes	of	crayons,	but	Karen	has	always	taken	pride	in	it.	I	bring	color
into	children’s	lives,	she	says.
Karen	stands	up	and	lets	Celeste	hug	her.	“I’m	going	to	win	this	battle,”	she	says.
“You’re	not	supposed	to	call	it	a	battle,”	Celeste	says.	“I	read	that	somewhere.	It’s	a
violent	word	and	some	survivors	find	it	offensive.”
Karen	scoffs.	“Offensive?”	she	says.	“So	what	am	I	supposed	to	call	it?”
“A	journey,”	Celeste	says.
“Bullshit,”	 Karen	 says.	 Celeste	 blinks	 in	 surprise;	 her	 mother	 never	 swears.	 “It’s	 a
battle.”
They	go	for	a	quick	dinner	at	Diner	248	and	make	a	point	of	ordering	the	Fudgy	Wudgy,
though	Celeste	and	Bruce	manage	only	one	bite	apiece	and	Karen	doesn’t	have	any.	Karen
makes	a	big	fuss	over	Celeste’s	diamond	ring:	It’s	the	most	beautiful	ring	she	has	ever	laid
eyes	 on.	 It’s	 the	 biggest	 diamond	 she	 has	 ever	 seen.	 A	 full	 four	 carats!	 And	 set	 in
platinum!
Celeste	says,	“I’m	thinking	of	postponing	the	wedding.	I’m	thinking	of	quitting	my	job
and	moving	home	until	you	get	better.”
“Nonsense,”	Karen	says.	Her	voice	is	sharp	and	loud,	and	people	at	nearby	tables	turn
their	 heads.	 The	 three	 Otises	 sit	 in	 silence	 for	 a	 second;	 they	 aren’t	 people	 who	 draw
attention	to	themselves.
Celeste	knows	better	than	to	say	anything	further.	Her	mother	has	spent	Celeste’s	entire
life	 claiming	 that	 no	 mortal	 man	 would	 ever	 be	 good	 enough	 for	 Celeste,	 but	 that’s
because	she	didn’t	have	the	imagination	to	dream	up	someone	like	Benjamin	Winbury,	a
real-life	Prince	Charming.	Celeste’s	future	will	be	blessed.	She	will	never	have	to	worry
about	money	the	way	that	Bruce	and	Karen	did.
Celeste	 looks	 at	 Mac	 and	 Betty	 sitting	 across	 from	 her	 in	 the	 booth	 the	 way	 they
always	 do,	 her	 father’s	 arm	 draped	 across	 her	 mother’s	 shoulders,	 her	 mother’s	 hand
resting	 on	 her	 father’s	 thigh.	 Celeste	 envies	 them.	 She	 doesn’t	 want	 money;	 she	 wants
what	they	have.	She	wants	love.
In	case	you	have	any	doubts…
“If	 anything,”	 Karen	 says	 in	 a	 lower	 voice,	 “I	 was	 thinking	 you	 might	 get	 married
sooner.	Maybe	in	the	spring	or	early	summer.”
…I’m	in	love	with	you.
Sooner?	Celeste	thinks.
She	nods.	“Okay,”	she	whispers.
Shooter	has	disappeared	back	into	his	own	life—steak	houses,	downtown	clubs,	the	U.S.
Open	with	clients,	Vegas	with	clients	to	draft	fantasy-football	teams.	Benji	shows	Celeste

the	pictures	but	she	barely	gives	them	a	glance.	She	can’t	think	about	Shooter;	she	can’t
not	think	about	Shooter.	Part	of	her	suspects	her	desire	for	Shooter	is	what	caused	Karen’s
cancer	to	spread.	Celeste	knows	life	doesn’t	work	like	that	but	she	still	gets	the	nagging
sense	that	the	two	things	are	connected.	If	she	stays	with	Benji,	if	she	marries	Benji,	Karen
will	get	better.	If	they	get	married	in	the	spring	or	early	summer,	Karen	will	live	forever.
Celeste	 drops	 five	 pounds,	 then	 ten.	 Merritt	 expresses	 envy	 and	 tells	 Celeste	 how
wonderful	she	looks.
Celeste	is	irritable	at	work.	She	finally	loses	her	temper	with	Blair	the	hypochondriac.
One	more	missed	day	and	Blair	will	be	fired,	Celeste	says.	Blair	threatens	a	lawsuit.	She
has	legitimate	reasons	for	calling	in	sick.	Celeste,	in	a	rare	fit	of	rage,	tells	Blair	she	needs
to	stop	with	the	bullshit,	and	the	next	thing	Celeste	knows,	she’s	getting	called	into	Zed’s
office	for	 a	 lecture	 on	 professional	 attitude,	 appropriate	 workplace	 language,	 blah-blahblah.
Greer	summons	Benji	and	Celeste	to	the	Winbury	apartment	for	dinner.	She	has	made
something	called	a	cassoulet.	Celeste	is	her	dutiful	self	and	replies	that	it	sounds	good,	but
in	fact,	Celeste	is	annoyed.	She	has	no	idea	what	cassoulet	is.	She	hates	constantly	being
confronted	with	these	erudite	dishes—can’t	Greer	just	make	meat	loaf	or	sloppy	joes	like
Betty?—and	it	turns	out	that	cassoulet	has	duck,	pork	skin,	and,	worst	of	all,	beans	in	it.
Celeste	manages	two	bites.	Her	lack	of	appetite	goes	largely	unnoticed,	however,	because
Greer’s	real	motivation	isn’t	to	feed	Celeste	and	Benji	but	rather	to	let	them	know	that	she
would	 like	 to	 plan	 their	 wedding.	 They	 can	 have	 the	 entire	 thing	 at	 Summerland	 on
Nantucket	the	weekend	after	the	Fourth	of	July.
Benji	reaches	for	Celeste’s	hand	under	the	table.	“Would	that	be	okay	with	you?”	he
asks.
“We	don’t	want	you	to	feel	railroaded,”	Tag	says.	“My	wife	can	be	a	bit	forceful.”
“I’m	just	trying	to	help,”	Greer	says.	“I	want	to	offer	my	support	and	our	resources.	I
hate	to	think	of	you	having	to	plan	a	wedding	while	your	mother	is	so	sick.”
Celeste	nods	like	a	marionette.	“Sounds	good,”	she	says.
At	 first,	 Celeste	 stutters	 only	 when	 she’s	 talking	 about	 the	 wedding.	 She	 has	 a	 problem
with	the	word	caterer;	it’s	a	stuttery	word	all	by	itself.	Then	reverend,	then	church.	People
pretend	not	to	notice	but	the	stutter	grows	gradually	worse.	Benji	finally	asks	about	it	and
Celeste	bursts	into	tears.	She	can’t	c-c-control	it,	she	says.	Soon,	all	hard	consonants	give
her	trouble.
But	not	at	work.
Not	on	the	phone	with	Merritt.
Not	 alone	 in	 her	 apartment	 when	 she’s	 reading	 in	 bed.	 She	 can	 read	 entire	 passages
from	her	book	aloud	and	not	trip	up	once.
Celeste	 holds	 out	 hope	 that	 a	 big,	 elaborate	 wedding	 on	 Nantucket	 will	 prove	 to	 be	 a
logistical	impossibility—it’s	too	last-minute,	every	venue	must	already	be	booked—and	so

either	 the	 wedding	 will	 be	 postponed	 indefinitely	 or	 they	 can	 plan	 something	 smaller	 in
Easton,	 something	 more	 like	 her	 parents’	 wedding,	 a	 ceremony	 at	 the	 courthouse,	 a
reception	at	the	diner.
But	 apparently,	 Greer’s	 influence	 and	 her	 pocketbook	 are	 mighty	 enough	 to	 make
miracles	happen.	Greer	enlists	Siobhan	at	Island	Fare,	arranges	for	Reverend	Derby	to	do
the	service	at	St.	Paul’s	Episcopal,	finds	a	band	and	an	orchestra,	and	hires	Roger	Pelton,
Nantucket’s	 premier	 wedding	 coordinator—not	 that	 Greer	 can’t	 handle	 it	 all	 herself,	 but
she	does	have	a	novel	to	write	and	it	would	be	silly	to	have	a	resource	like	Roger	on	the
island	and	not	use	him.
The	wedding	is	set	for	July	7.
Greer	asks	Celeste	what	she	would	like	to	do	about	bridesmaids.
“Oh,”	Celeste	says.	This	obviously	isn’t	something	she	can	ask	Greer	to	handle.	“I’ll
have	my	friend	Merritt	Monaco.”	Merritt	will	be	a	good	maid	of	honor;	she	knows	all	the
rules	 and	 traditions,	 although	 Celeste	 shudders	 when	 she	 thinks	 about	 the	 bachelorette
party	Merritt	might	plan.	Celeste	will	have	to	talk	to	her	about	that.
She	notices	Greer	is	still	looking	at	her	expectantly.
“And	who	else?”	Greer	asks.
Who	 else?	 Her	 mother?	 Nobody	 ever	 asks	 her	 mother	 to	 be	 a	 bridesmaid;	 Celeste
knows	that	much.	She	doesn’t	have	a	sister	or	any	cousins.	There	are	no	suitable	choices	at
work—Blair	is	now	not	speaking	to	Celeste;	Bethany	is	her	assistant,	so	that’s	too	weird;
and	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 staff	 are	 men.	 There	 is	 Celeste’s	 roommate	 from	 college,	 Julia,	 but
Celeste’s	 relationship	 with	 Julia	 was	 utilitarian	 rather	 than	 friendly.	 They	 were	 both
scientists,	both	neat	and	respectful,	but	they	parted	ways	after	college.	There	is	Celeste’s
one	 social	 friend	 from	 college,	 Violet	 Sonada,	 but	 Violet	 took	 a	 job	 at	 the	 Ueno	 Zoo	 in
Tokyo.	Is	there	anyone	from	high	school?	Cynthia	from	down	the	street	had	been	Celeste’s
closest	 friend	 but	 she	 dropped	 out	 of	 Penn	 State	 with	 a	 nervous	 condition	 and	 Celeste
hasn’t	talked	to	her	since.	Merritt	has	a	bunch	of	people	she	knows	in	the	city,	but	Celeste
can	barely	remember	who	is	who.
She	is	a	social	misfit	and	now	Greer	will	know	it.
“Let	m-m-me	think	ab-b-bout	it,”	Celeste	says,	hoping	Greer	will	assume	there	are	too
many	young	women	to	choose	from	and	Celeste	will	need	to	whittle	the	list	down.
But	Greer,	of	course,	sees	the	humiliating	truth.	It’s	because	she’s	a	novelist,	Celeste
supposes.	She	is	perceptive	to	a	fault;	it’s	almost	as	if	she	reads	minds.
“I	shouldn’t	get	involved,”	Greer	says,	“but	I	do	think	Abby	would	love	to	serve	as	a
bridesmaid.”
Celeste	 perks	 up	 immediately.	 Abby!	 She	 can	 ask	 Abby	 Winbury,	 Thomas’s	 wife.
She’s	the	right	age;	she	is	appropriately	girly;	she	has	probably	been	a	bridesmaid	twenty
times	before.	Celeste	relaxes	even	as	she	realizes	that	the	Winburys	are	providing	for	her
once	again.

Celeste	tells	Benji	that	she’s	asking	Merritt	to	be	her	maid	of	honor	and	Abby	to	be	her
bridesmaid	and	Benji	gets	a	crease	in	his	brow.
“Abby?”	he	says.	“Are	you	sure?”
The	nice	thing	is	that	Celeste	doesn’t	have	to	hide	anything	from	Benji.	“I	c-c-couldn’t
think	of	anyone	else,”	she	says.	“You’re	marrying	the	most	socially	awkward	g-g-girl	in
New	York.”
Benji	kisses	her.	“And	I	couldn’t	be	happier	about	it.”
“So	what’s	wrong	with	Ab-b-by?”	Celeste	asks.
“Nothing,”	Benji	says.	“Did	she	say	yes?”
“I	was	p-p-planning	on	e-mailing	tomorrow	f-from	work,”	Celeste	says.
Benji	nods.
“What?”	Celeste	says.	Abby	would	be	filling	a	glaring	gap.	And	besides,	as	Thomas’s
wife,	wouldn’t	Abby	be	insulted	not	to	be	asked?	It’s	true,	Abby	can	sometimes	be	a	bit
off-putting—she	was	a	sorority	girl	at	the	University	of	Texas	and	she	has	retained	some
shallow	cattiness,	and	she	is	presently	obsessed	with	getting	pregnant—but	she	is	family.
“I	get	the	feeling	Thomas	and	Abby	are	on	the	rocks,”	Benji	says.
Celeste	gasps.	“What?”
“Thomas	 is	 always	 taking	 trips	 alone,”	 Benji	 says.	 “And	 going	 out	 with	 his	 friends
after	work.	Not	to	mention	his	obsession	with	the	gym.”
“Oh,”	 Celeste	 says.	 She	 knows	 Benji	 is	 right.	 They	 have	 met	 Thomas	 and	 Abby	 for
dinner	a	few	times	and	Thomas	is	always	the	last	to	arrive,	often	straight	from	the	gym,
still	 in	 his	 sweaty	 workout	 clothes.	 Abby	 won’t	 even	 let	 him	 kiss	 her	 unless	 he’s
showered,	she	says.	He	has	to	shower	before	sex,	and	sex	is	kept	to	a	schedule	since	they
are	trying	to	conceive.	But	why	try	so	hard	for	a	baby	if	you’re	not	planning	on	staying
together?
“I’m	not	asking	Thomas	to	be	my	best	man,”	Benji	says.
“W-W-What?”	Celeste	says.	This	shocks	her	even	more	than	the	news	of	Thomas	and
Abby’s	supposed	marital	discord.	“But	he’s	your	b-b-brother.”
“Something	is	going	on	with	him,”	Benji	says.	“And	I	want	to	distance	myself	from	it.
I’m	having	Shooter	serve	as	my	best	man.”
“Shooter?”	Celeste	says.
“I’ve	already	asked	him,”	Benji	says.	“He	was	so	happy.	He	teared	up.”
He	teared	up,	Celeste	thinks.	So	happy.	“What	are	you	g-g-going	to	tell	T-T-Thomas?”
“I’ll	tell	Thomas	he	can	be	an	usher,”	Benji	says.	“Maybe.”

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	3:30	p.m.

GREER

At	 half	 past	 three,	 when	 all	 of	 the	 guests	 have	 been	 called	 and	 all	 of	 the	 friends	 and
relatives	 back	 in	 England	 have	 been	 notified	 about	 the	 tragedy	 and	 all	 of	 the	 wedding
preparations	 have	 been	 summarily	 undone—except	 for	 those	 that	 are	 part	 of	 the	 “crime
scene”—Greer	 takes	 a	 moment	 to	 peek	 out	 the	 window	 at	 the	 second	 cottage,	 the	 one
where	Merritt	was	staying.	It’s	wrapped	in	police	tape	like	a	tawdry	present,	although	the
forensics	men	have	left	and	no	one	is	there	to	stop	Greer	from	entering.	She	would	love	to
go	in	and	poke	around,	but	she	fears	the	Winburys	are	in	enough	trouble	as	it	is;	she	can’t
afford	to	cause	any	more.
Tag	took	Merritt	out	in	the	kayak.
Merritt,	not	Featherleigh.
Greer	needs	to	speak	to	Tag	alone	but	he	said	he	had	to	make	a	phone	call,	probably	to
Sergio	Ramone,	who	is	not	only	a	friend	but	a	brilliant	criminal-defense	attorney.	Greer
isn’t	sure	even	Sergio	can	get	Tag	out	of	this	mess.	He	took	the	girl	out	on	the	kayak	and
she	 shows	 up	 in	 the	 morning	 dead.	 Drowned	 in	 the	 harbor.	 Greer	 retreats	 to	 the	 master
suite	and	perches	on	the	sofa	at	the	end	of	the	bed,	waiting	for	Tag,	although	she	expects
him	to	be	led	from	the	house	in	handcuffs	the	instant	the	police	figure	out	this	affair	was
going	on.
The	boys	handled	the	news	badly.	Benji	exploded.	“Did	you	kill	her,	Dad?	Did.	You.
Kill.	Her?”
“No,”	Tag	said.	“I	took	her	out	on	the	kayak,	yes,	I	did.	But	I	brought	her	back	to	shore
safely.”
He	 sounded	 like	 he	 was	 telling	 the	 truth.	 His	 inflection	 and	 tone	 were	 full	 of	 calm
conviction,	but	Greer	now	knows	he’s	been	lying	to	her	for	a	long	time—maybe	for	the
entirety	of	their	marriage—so	how	would	she	know	for	sure?
Thomas	 hadn’t	 said	 anything	 at	 all.	 Possibly	 he,	 like	 Greer,	 had	 been	 too	 stunned	 to
speak.
The	ring	that	Greer	thought	Tag	had	bought	for	Featherleigh	he’d	bought	for	Merritt.
Greer	had	seen	the	ring	on	Merritt’s	thumb—she	had	seen	it!—but	she	had	one	thing	so
firmly	lodged	in	her	brain	that	there	hadn’t	been	room	for	any	other	possibilities.
The	 ring	 had	 been	 Tag’s	 only	 misstep.	 Greer	 had	 gone	 in	 to	 see	 Jessica	 Hicks,	 the
jeweler,	 about	 wedding	 bands.	 Greer	 thought	 it	 would	 be	 a	 nice	 touch	 for	 Benji	 and
Celeste	 to	 have	 rings	 fashioned	 by	 a	 Nantucket	 jeweler.	 The	 instant	 Greer	 entered	 the
shop,	Jessica’s	brows	had	shot	up.	She	said,	Did	your	daughter-in-law	not	like	the	ring,
then?

Daughter-in-law?	Greer	had	said.
The	one	who’s	pregnant?	Jessica	said.	Did	she	not	like	the	ring?
The	ring?	Greer	had	said.
Your	husband	came	in…	Jessica	said.
Oh,	right!	 Greer	 had	 said	 enthusiastically,	 although	 a	 bad	 feeling	 had	 started	 to	 seep
through	 her.	 Tag	 had	 said	 nothing	 about	 getting	 a	 present	 for	 Abby.	 And	 Tag	 wasn’t
known	for	thoughtful	gestures	where	the	kids	were	concerned;	he	left	that	to	Greer.
He	told	me	about	it	but	we’ve	been	so	busy	he	hasn’t	had	a	chance	to	show	it	to	me,
Greer	said.	And	he	wouldn’t	do	a	proper	job	describing	it	anyway.	What	did	it	look	like?
Silver-lace	pattern,	Jessica	said,	embedded	with	multicolored	sapphires.	Like	this	one.
It’s	meant	to	be	worn	on	the	thumb.	Jessica	had	then	shown	Greer	a	ring	that	sold	for	six
hundred	dollars.	So	it	wasn’t	a	fortune,	wasn’t	like	a	trip	to	Harry	Winston	for	diamonds,
but	Greer	had	been	near	certain	she	would	never	see	Abby	wearing	that	ring.
Tag	steps	into	the	bedroom,	closes	the	door	behind	him,	and	locks	it.
“Greer,”	he	says.	He	holds	his	hands	up	as	if	she	might	strike	him.
She	would	like	to	strike	him.	What	has	he	done?	The	girl	dead,	the	wedding	canceled,
their	marriage,	their	life…
And	 yet	 all	 Greer	 can	 think	 to	 say	 is	 “I	 thought	 you	 were	 having	 an	 affair	 with
Featherleigh.”
Tag’s	eyes	widen.	“No,”	he	says.
“No,”	Greer	says.	“It	was	Merritt.”
“Yes,”	he	says.
Greer	 nods.	 “If	 you	 want	 me	 to	 help	 you,	 you	 had	 better	 tell	 me	 everything.
Everything,	Tag.”
It	started	the	night	of	the	wine	dinner,	he	says.	They	were	both	drunk,	very	drunk,	and
she	came	on	to	him.	They	slept	together;	it	was	unremarkable,	regrettable.	He	thought	that
would	be	it	but	then	he	bumped	into	her	again	in	the	city,	by	accident,	at	a	hotel	bar,	and
she	invited	him	to	her	apartment.	He’s	not	sure	why	but	he	said	yes.	And	then	there	was
another	time	or	two,	but	he	finally	demanded	she	leave	him	alone.
“You	bought	her	gifts?”	Greer	says.
“No.”
“Tag.”
He	sighs.	“A	trinket.	It	was	her	birthday	a	few	weeks	ago.	That	was	when	I	ended	it.
She	 wanted	 to	 go	 away	 together.	 I	 said	 no.	 She	 persisted.	 I	 booked	 a	 room	 at	 the	 Four
Seasons	downtown…”
The	Four	Seasons?	Every	detail	pierces	her.

“She	was	late	showing	up	and	in	the	minutes	that	I	was	waiting,	I	came	to	my	senses.	I
left	the	hotel	and	went	home	to	you.”
“So	how	many	times	did	you	screw	her?”	Greer	asks.	“Sum	total.”
“More	than	five,	less	than	ten,”	Tag	says.
Greer	 feels	 ill.	 She	 can	 see	 the	 allure,	 she	 supposes.	 Merritt	 was	 attractive;	 she	 was
young,	free,	unfettered.	Merritt	had	the	whiff	of	a	rebel	about	her.	Who	wouldn’t	want	to
shag	Merritt?	What	makes	Greer	want	to	vomit	on	her	shoes	is	the	thought	of	her	own	self
while	all	of	this	was	going	on	those	six,	seven,	eight	times.	What	had	Greer	been	doing?
Was	 she	 writing	 her	 perfectly	 mediocre	 novel	 or	 was	 she	 planning	 their	 son’s	 wedding?
Whatever	 she	 was	 doing,	 she	 wasn’t	 paying	 attention	 to	 Tag.	 She	 hadn’t	 given	 Tag	 a
minute’s	thought.
“And	that	was	it?”	Greer	says.	“Nothing	more?	You	had	an	affair,	you	broke	it	off.	She
was	upset	about	it.	I	saw	her	crying	during	the	rehearsal	dinner,	in	the	laundry	room,	of	all
places.	So	when	you	talk	to	the	police,	you’ll	tell	them	she	was	emotionally	overwrought
and	that	she	threatened	suicide	if	you	didn’t	leave	me.	You	took	her	out	on	the	kayak	to	try
and	 talk	 some	 sense	 into	 her.	 You	 delivered	 her	 back	 to	 shore;	 you	 came	 to	 bed.	 She
drowned	herself.”
“Well,”	Tag	says.
“Well	what?”
“It’s	a	bit	stickier	than	that,”	Tag	says.	He	clears	his	throat.	“She	was	pregnant.”
Greer	closes	her	eyes.	Pregnant.
“You’re	going	to	the	gallows,”	she	says.
Tag’s	face	crumples;	Greer	has	landed	the	poison	dart	right	between	his	eyes.	The	girl
was	pregnant.	Pregnant	with	a	Winbury	bastard	child.	The	thought	is	hideous,	and	yet	it
feels	utterly	predictable.	Thomas	Winbury	the	elder,	known	to	most	as	Tag,	has	taken	the
family	down.	His	poor	judgment,	his	base	urges,	and	his	weak	character	have	desecrated
the	Winbury	name.	He	has	committed	murder,	and	he	will	be	caught.
Greer	can	think	ill	of	Tag	all	she	likes,	but	in	the	end,	she	knows,	she	will	say	and	do
whatever	she	needs	to	do	to	protect	him.
There’s	a	knock	on	the	bedroom	door.
It’s	Thomas.
“The	chief	of	police	is	back,”	Thomas	says.	“He’d	like	to	talk	to	you	next,	Dad.”
Tag	looks	to	Greer.	She	nods	but	is	afraid	to	say	a	word	in	front	of	Thomas.	Tag	should
stick	to	the	story	they	came	up	with.	She	tries	to	convey	this	with	her	eyes	but	Tag	hangs
his	head	like	a	guilty	man.	Greer	would	like	to	go	into	the	questioning	with	him.	Let	her
talk,	let	her	present	the	argument.	She,	after	all,	is	the	storyteller.
But	that,	of	course,	won’t	be	possible.	Tag	got	into	this	mess	without	her;	he	will	have

to	go	it	alone.
Greer	is	exhausted.	It’s	nearly	four	o’clock,	the	hour	the	ceremony	was	to	take	place.
She	lies	down	on	the	bed.	She	is	so	tired	she	could	sleep	until	morning.	Maybe	she	will
sleep	until	morning.
Merritt	Monaco.	She	was	twenty-nine	years	old.	Pretty,	but	unoriginal.	That	was	who
Tag	was	screwing.
Disgust	courses	through	Greer’s	veins.	She	is	hardly	naive;	she	has	written	scenarios
this	 nefarious	 and	 more	 so.	 There	 wasn’t	 one	 original	 thing	 about	 it—a	 charming,	 rich,
powerful	 older	 man	 with	 an	 indifferent	 wife	 seduced	 or	 was	 seduced	 by	 a	 young,
beautiful,	 silly	 girl.	 It	 practically	 described	 the	 history	 of	 the	 entire	 world—from	 Henry
VIII	 with	 Anne	 Boleyn	 to	 an	 American	 president	 with	 his	 impressionable	 intern.	 But	 it
feels	brand-new,	doesn’t	it?	Because	it	is	happening	to	Greer.
Pregnant.
When	Tag	is	charged	with	murder,	the	papers	will	have	a	field	day.	Their	wealth	and
the	fact	that	Greer	writes	murder	mysteries	will	make	the	story	positively	irresistible.	The
New	York	Post	will	cover	it,	then	the	British	tabloids.	Greer	will	be	cast	as	an	object	of
pity;	her	fans	will	either	cringe	or	rage	on	her	behalf.	The	thought	is	horrifying—so	many
middle-aged	 women	 writing	 indignant	 Facebook	 posts	 or	 penning	 sympathetic	 letters.
Thomas’s	and	Benji’s	lives	will	be	ruined.	They’ll	become	social	outcasts.	Thomas	will	be
fired;	Benji	will	be	asked	to	resign	from	his	charitable	boards.
Greer	sits	up.	She	can’t	sleep.	She	needs	a	pill.
She	goes	into	the	master	bathroom	and	eyes	Tag’s	sink—his	razor,	his	shaving	brush,
his	tortoiseshell	comb.	She	couldn’t	bear	to	walk	into	this	bathroom	and	find	Tag’s	side
empty.	They	have	been	together	too	long,	endured	too	much.
Greer	 opens	 her	 medicine	 cabinet,	 and	 as	 she	 does	 so,	 she	 gets	 a	 peculiar	 feeling	 of
déjà	vu,	as	though	she	watched	herself	go	through	these	exact	motions	a	short	time	ago—
and	so	a	part	of	her	knows	that	when	she	looks,	her	sleeping	pills	will	be	missing.
Wait,	she	thinks.	Wait	just	a	minute!
The	pills	were	prescribed	by	her	GP,	Dr.	Crowe.	Dr.	Crowe	is	doddering,	nearly	senile;
he	has	been	Greer’s	“woman	doctor”	since	she	moved	to	Manhattan.	The	pills	are	“quite
potent,”	as	Crowe	likes	to	remind	her,	some	cousin	to	the	quaaludes	everyone	was	taking
in	 the	 seventies.	 “Quite	 potent”	 isn’t	 just	 some	 humble-brag;	 the	 pills	 knock	 Greer	 out
immediately	and	lock	her	in	an	obsidian	casket	for	a	full	eight	hours.	Greer	doesn’t	keep
her	sleeping	pills	in	a	prescription	bottle	but	rather	in	a	round	enamel	box	decorated	with	a
picture	 of	 a	 young	 Queen	 Elizabeth	 II.	 Greer	 received	 the	 box	 as	 a	 present	 from	 her
grandmother	on	the	occasion	of	her	eleventh	birthday.
The	 Queen	 Elizabeth	 box	 always	 sits	 in	 the	 same	 spot	 on	 the	 same	 shelf	 and	 Greer
knows	why	it’s	gone.	Or	at	least	she	suspects	she	does.
She	closes	the	medicine	cabinet	and	stares	at	herself	in	the	mirror.	She	needs	to	think

this	through.	But	there’s	no	time.	She	needs	to	talk	to	the	Chief	immediately.	She	needs	to
save	her	husband,	that	bastard.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	4:00	p.m.

NANTUCKET

Marty	Szczerba	is	sitting	at	the	bar	at	the	Crosswinds	restaurant	in	the	Nantucket	airport
finally	 eating	 his	 lunch.	 He	 likes	 the	 Reuben,	 loves	 the	 coleslaw;	 he	 has	 gained	 thirty
pounds	 since	 Nancy	 died,	 which	 isn’t	 helping	 in	 his	 quest	 for	 a	 new	 girlfriend.	 A	 notunattractive	 woman	 in	 her	 early	 to	 mid-forties	 suddenly	 takes	 the	 seat	 next	 to	 his.	 She
points	 at	 his	 sandwich	 and	 says,	 in	 a	 posh	 English	 accent,	 “I’m	 having	 what	 this	 chap’s
having.	And	a	glass	of	chardonnay.	A	large	glass.”
Marty	fumbles	with	his	knife	and	fork	in	an	attempt	to	flag	down	Dawn,	the	bartender,
who	is	watching	Wimbledon	on	the	TV	in	the	corner.	“Dawn,	this	young	lady	would	like
to	place	an	order.”
While	 Dawn	 takes	 the	 order	 for	 the	 Reuben,	 the	 coleslaw,	 and	 the	 large	 chardonnay,
Marty	 sneaks	 a	 better	 look	 at	 his	 new	 neighbor.	 She	 is	 blond,	 or	 blondish,	 in	 halfway
decent	shape,	with	laugh	lines	around	her	mouth	and	fingernails	painted	cherry	red.	She	is
dressed	in	a	strapless	army-green	jumpsuit	type	of	thing	that	Marty	knows	is	meant	to	be
stylish.	 It	 gives	 him	 a	 good	 view	 of	 her	 chest	 and	 arms.	 She’s	 a	 bit	 puffy,	 but	 Marty	 is
hardly	sculpted	himself.
“I’m	Marty	Szczerba,”	he	says,	holding	out	his	hand.
“Featherleigh,”	 she	 says.	 “Featherleigh	 Dale.”	 She	 takes	 his	 hand	 and	 offers	 a	 smile,
then	her	chardonnay	arrives.	She	lifts	the	glass	to	Marty	and	says,	“I	can’t	wait	to	get	off
this	island.	The	past	twenty-four	hours	have	not	been	kind	to	me.”
Marty	wishes	he	had	a	glass	to	cheers	her	with,	but	he’s	still	on	the	clock.	He,	too,	has
had	one	hell	of	a	day,	beginning	and	ending	with	the	case	of	the	Murdered	Maid	of	Honor
and	the	runaway	person	of	interest.	It	turned	out	the	guy	they	were	looking	for	was	caught
by	a	local	teenage	girl	who	works	for	the	Hy-Line.	Marty	is	glad	the	guy	isn’t	still	at	large
but	 he	 bristles	 at	 being	 bested	 by	 some	 kid	 who	 found	 him	 by	 using	 Facebook.	 That’s
cheating,	 is	 it	 not?	 Marty	 would	 have	 benefited	 from	 a	 little	 glory.	 He	 has	 been
considering	 asking	 out	 Keira,	 the	 chief	 of	 police’s	 assistant,	 but	 she’s	 in	 her	 thirties	 and
goes	 to	 barre	 class	 every	 day	 and	 is,	 likely,	 looking	 for	 more	 of	 a	 hero	 than	 Marty	 can
currently	claim	to	be.
“So	you’re	just	visiting?”	Marty	says.	“Where	do	you	live?”	He	knows	better	than	to
get	his	hopes	up	about	anyone	from	off-island;	he	still	has	two	years	left	until	retirement,
although	after	that,	he’ll	be	ready	to	go.	Laura	Rae	and	Ty	will	be	happily	married,	maybe
even	starting	a	family,	and	Marty	will	become	an	annoyance.	He	hopes	this	Featherleigh
says	she	lives	in	Boston.	How	perfect	would	that	be?	He	gets	two	free	round-trip	tickets	to
Boston	on	Cape	Air	per	month.	He	envisions	himself	and	Featherleigh	strolling	around	the
Public	Garden	hand	in	hand,	stopping	in	at	the	Parish	Café	on	Boylston	for	lunch.	They’ll

have	cocktails	down	at	the	Seaport.	Boston	is	a	great	city	for	people	in	love.	They	can	ride
the	swan	boats!	Have	high	tea	at	the	Four	Seasons!	Go	to	a	Sox	game!	And	in	two	years,
when	 Marty	 is	 ready	 to	 retire,	 his	 relationship	 with	 Featherleigh	 will	 be	 established
enough	to	take	it	to	the	next	level.
“London,”	she	says.	“I	have	a	flat	in	Sloane	Square,	although	I	fear	it’ll	belong	to	the
bank	by	the	time	I	get	home.”
London,	Marty	thinks	as	his	dreams	deflate.	That’s	too	far	away.	But	it	wouldn’t	be	a
bad	place	to	visit	Featherleigh	for	a	casual,	no-strings-attached	fling.	Marty	has	never	been
to	London,	which	is	something	he	needs	to	remedy,	especially	since	his	Match.com	profile
boasts	that	he	loves	to	travel.
“And	what	do	you	do	for	a	living?”	Marty	asks.
Featherleigh	takes	a	long	sip	of	her	wine,	then	sets	her	elbow	on	the	bar	and	rests	her
head	in	her	hand	to	regard	him.	“I	sell	antiques	to	rich	people,”	she	says.	“What	do	you
do,	Marty?”
Marty	straightens	up	a	little.	“I’m	head	of	security	here	at	the	airport.”
“Well,”	she	says,	“that’s	a	very	prestigious	job,	isn’t	it?”	The	way	she	pronounces	the
word	prestigious	in	her	English	accent	sounds	so	lovely,	Marty	grins.
“He’s	the	top	gun,”	Dawn	chimes	in.
Marty	silently	thanks	Dawn	for	the	backup	even	though	he	feels	somewhat	mortified
that	she’s	eavesdropping	on	his	first	attempt	at	a	pickup	since	1976.	He	bobs	his	head	yes,
then	wonders	if	Featherleigh	is	making	fun	of	him.	After	all,	it’s	not	like	he’s	the	head	of
security	 at	 Heathrow.	 That	 would	 be	 a	 hellish	 nightmare	 of	 a	 job,	 Marty	 thinks.	 Flights
from	 all	 over	 the	 world	 converging.	 How	 would	 he	 ever	 keep	 track	 of	 the	 potential
threats?	And	yet	somehow	those	chaps	do	it,	day	in	and	day	out.
“In	 the	 summer,	 Nantucket	 is	 the	 second-busiest	 airport	 in	 the	 state,”	 Marty	 says.
“Only	Logan	is	busier.”
“Logan?”	Featherleigh	says.
“The	airport	in	Boston,”	he	says.
“Ah,	 right,”	 Featherleigh	 says.	 “Well,	 I’m	 flying	 standby	 to	 JFK	 on	 JetBlue.”	 She
checks	her	phone.	“I	really	hope	I	get	on.”	She	winks	at	Marty.	“You	don’t	have	any	pull,
do	you?”
“With	the	airlines?”	Marty	says.	“No.”
This	admission	sends	Featherleigh	right	into	the	electronic	abyss	of	her	phone.	She	sips
her	large	glass	of	chardonnay,	then	starts	scrolling.	Marty	regards	the	second	half	of	his
Reuben,	 the	 cheese	 now	 cold	 and	 congealed,	 and	 his	 coleslaw,	 which	 has	 grown	 soupy.
Before	 he	 loses	 Featherleigh	 entirely	 to	 the	 seductive	 allure	 of	 Instagram,	 he	 says,	 “So
what	was	so	bad	about	your	stay?”
Featherleigh	sets	down	her	phone	and	Marty	feels	a	childish	triumph.	“I	couldn’t	begin

to	explain.”
“Try	me.”
“I	came	all	the	way	from	London	for	a	wedding.	Now,	mind	you,	I	had	no	interest	in
attending	the	wedding,	but	this	man	I’ve	been	seeing	was	going	to	be	there	so	I	said	yes.”
Marty	hears	the	phrase	man	I’ve	been	seeing	and	what’s	left	of	his	enthusiasm	flags.
Even	 someone	 not-gorgeous-but-okay-looking	 like	 Featherleigh	 has	 found	 someone.
Where	are	all	the	half-decent-looking-but-not-attached	women?	Marty	wonders.	Tell	me!
“And	then,	for	reasons	too	awful	to	explain,	the	wedding	was	canceled—”
“Wait	 a	 minute,”	 Marty	 says.	 “Were	 you	 going	 to	 the	 wedding	 out	 in—”	 At	 that
moment,	Marty’s	phone	starts	ringing	and	a	discreet	check	of	his	screen	shows	that	it’s	the
chief	of	police.	Marty	has	to	take	the	call.	He	holds	a	finger	up	to	Featherleigh.	“Excuse
me	one	moment,”	he	says.	He	relishes	the	opportunity	to	show	Featherleigh	that	he	really
is	sort	of	important.	“What	can	I	do	for	you,	Chief?”	he	says.
“We’re	looking	for	someone	else	now,”	the	Chief	says.	“And	we	have	good	reason	to
believe	she’s	at	the	airport,	trying	to	fly	standby.	Female,	early	forties,	blondish	hair,	name
is	Featherleigh	Dale.”
Marty’s	mouth	falls	open	and	the	phone	nearly	slips	from	his	hand	but	he	manages	to
compose	himself	and	offer	Featherleigh	a	smile.
“I’m	on	it,	Chief,”	he	says.

TAG

He	 shakes	 hands	 with	 the	 chief	 of	 police	 and	 tries	 to	 strike	 the	 appropriate	 tone:
mournful	 yet	 strong,	 concerned	 yet	 guilt-free.	 When	 Greer	 woke	 up	 Tag,	 jostling	 his
shoulder	 and	 saying,	 “Celeste’s	 friend	 Merritt,	 the	 friend,	 the	 maid	 of	 honor,	 Tag,	 she’s
dead.	She	drowned	out	front.	She’s	dead.	The	paramedics	are	here	and	the	police.	Celeste
found	her	floating.	She’s	dead.	Jesus,	Tag,	wake	up.	Do	something,”	he’d	thought	he	was
ensnared	in	a	bad	dream.	It	had	taken	several	long	seconds	for	Tag	to	realize	that	Greer
was	real	and	that	what	she	was	saying	was	true.
Merritt	had	drowned.	She	was	dead.
Not	possible,	he	thought.	He	had	dropped	her	off	on	the	beach	after	the	kayak	ride.	She
had	stormed	off—upset,	yes,	but	still	very	much	alive.
On	solid	ground.	He’d	thought	she’d	gone	to	bed.
Tag	isn’t	sure	what	the	police	know.
Do	they	know	about	the	affair?
Do	they	know	about	the	pregnancy?
They’ll	find	out	Merritt	was	pregnant	as	soon	as	they	hear	from	the	medical	examiner,
but	 will	 they	 learn	 about	 the	 affair?	 Whom	 did	 Merritt	 tell?	 Did	 she	 tell	 Celeste?	 Did
Celeste	 tell	 the	 police?	 Tag’s	 first	 instinct	 upon	 hearing	 the	 hideous	 news	 was	 to	 find
Celeste	and	remind	her	that	the	future	of	the	Winbury	family	rested	with	her	discretion.
But	Celeste	had	been	taken	to	the	emergency	room	to	be	treated	for	anxiety	and	she	hasn’t
returned	to	the	house—which	is,	Tag	suspects,	a	bad	sign.
Tag	leads	the	Chief	to	his	study.	Benji	walked	out	after	Tag	admitted	that	it	had	been
Merritt	 he’d	 taken	 on	 the	 kayak,	 and	 Thomas	 vamoosed	 as	 well.	 But	 both	 of	 his	 sons
know	better	than	to	say	a	word	to	the	police,	Tag	is	confident	of	this.	Their	well-being	is
contingent	on	his	well-being.
Tag	says	to	the	Chief,	“Can	I	offer	you	a	drink?”
The	Chief	lifts	a	hand.	“No,	thanks.”
Tag	 settles	 in	 the	 chair	 behind	 his	 desk	 and	 offers	 the	 Chief	 one	 of	 the	 two	 chairs
facing	 the	 desk.	 This	 makes	 Tag	 feel	 in	 control	 of	 the	 situation,	 as	 if	 it	 were	 Tag	 who
invited	 the	 Chief	 in	 for	 a	 chat	 and	 not	 the	 other	 way	 around.	 Perception	 is	 reality,	 Tag
thinks.	Why	not	put	the	Chief	in	the	hot	seat?
“What	have	you	got?”	Tag	asks.
“Excuse	me?”	the	Chief	says.

“A	young	woman	is	dead,”	Tag	says.	“And	it	happened	on	my	property,	or	very	nearly.
Now,	maybe	it	was	an	accident.	Maybe	Merritt	had	too	much	to	drink	and	drowned.	But	if
you	have	any	evidence	that	something	else	is	going	on,	then	I	deserve	to	know	about	it.”
Tag	hardens	his	gaze.	“Don’t	I?”
“No,”	the	Chief	says.	“You	don’t.”
Tag	 opens	 his	 mouth	 to	 say—to	 say	 what?	 It	 doesn’t	 matter	 because	 the	 Chief	 leans
forward	in	his	chair	and	says,	“When	did	you	last	see	Ms.	Monaco?”
Tag	blinks.	His	instinct	is	to	lie—of	course	his	instinct	is	to	lie!—because	the	truth	is
too	incriminating.
“I	saw	her	last	night,”	Tag	says.
The	Chief	nods.	“At	what	time?”
“I	couldn’t	say.”
“All	right,”	the	Chief	says.	“Where	were	you	when	you	last	saw	her?”
“I	was…	out	back.”
“Can	 you	 be	 more	 specific,	 please?”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “What	 were	 the	 circumstances
surrounding	the	last	time	you	saw	Ms.	Monaco?”
Tag	takes	a	moment.	He	has	had	all	day	to	consider	various	answers	to	this	question,
but	now	he’s	floundering.
If	 he	 lies,	 they’ll	 catch	 him,	 he	 thinks.	 And	 he	 is	 innocent.	 Where	 Merritt’s	 death	 is
concerned,	he	is	innocent.
“We	were	out	back	under	the	tent,	drinking,”	he	says.	“A	group	of	us.	Myself,	my	son
Thomas,	a	friend	of	the	family	named	Featherleigh	Dale,	and	Ms.	Monaco.”
“And	how	would	you	describe	Ms.	Monaco’s	mood	at	that	time?”	the	Chief	asks.
Tag	thinks	about	this.	He	had	bidden	Bruce	Otis	good	night	and	had	planned	to	go	to
bed—but	Thomas	had	arrived	back	from	town	by	himself.	Abby	had	called	and	insisted
Thomas	come	home;	when	he’d	gone	up	to	check	on	her,	however,	she’d	been	asleep.
“Or	she	was	pretending	to	be	asleep,”	Thomas	said.	“It’s	like	she’s	trying	to	catch	me
at	something.”
“Catch	you	at	something?”	Tag	said.	He	flashed	back	to	the	evening	he	ended	things
with	 Merritt,	 when	 he	 saw	 Thomas	 sitting	 alone	 at	 the	 bar	 at	 the	 Four	 Seasons.	 And	 so
instead	of	going	to	bed,	Tag	grabbed	a	bottle	of	good	rum	from	the	bar	in	his	study.	As	his
favorite	 auntie,	 Mary	 Margaret,	 used	 to	 say,	 When	 you	 don’t	 know	 what	 else	 to	 do,	 get
drunk.	Tag	would	have	a	heart-to-heart	with	Thomas;	it	was	long	overdue.
“Come	on	out	to	the	tent	with	me,”	Tag	said.
Thomas	had	needed	no	further	enticement.	He	set	up	one	of	the	round	tables	meant	for
the	 reception	 and	 brought	 over	 four	 folding	 chairs—thinking,	 Tag	 supposed,	 that	 the
others	might	join	them	when	they	got	back	from	town.	Tag	had	just	been	pouring	the	shots

when	 Merritt	 and	 Featherleigh	 appeared	 out	 of	 the	 shadows.	 It	 was	 almost	 as	 though
they’d	 been	 lying	 in	 wait.	 Tag	 was	 spooked	 to	 see	 Merritt	 but	 she’d	 offered	 him	 an
apologetic	smile	and	Tag	thought	he’d	seen	acquiescence	in	her	eyes.	She	would	do	as	he
asked:	Take	the	money,	end	the	pregnancy,	walk	away.	He	knew	she	didn’t	want	a	baby.
“Would	you	ladies	care	for	a	nightcap?”	Tag	asked.
“Answer	to	my	prayers,”	Featherleigh	said.
Merritt	hadn’t	spoken,	although	she	did	take	a	seat	next	to	Tag,	and	when	he	set	a	shot
in	front	of	her,	she	didn’t	protest.
He	had	been	a	little	uncomfortable	about	how	chummy	Merritt	suddenly	seemed	to	be
with	Featherleigh	Dale.	What	were	they	doing	together?	And	why	was	Featherleigh	still	at
the	house?	She	was	staying	at	an	inn	downtown.	She	had	waited	until	the	last	minute	to
book	and	so	she	ended	up	in	a	real	dump,	as	Greer	described	it;	maybe	that	was	why	she
was	hesitant	to	leave.
“Merritt	seemed	to	be	in	fine	spirits,”	Tag	says	to	the	Chief.	“I	mean,	I	guess.	I	really
didn’t	know	her	well.”
“Didn’t	you?”	the	Chief	asks.
Tag’s	 gut	 twists.	 Now	 is	 the	 time	 to	 ask	 for	 an	 attorney.	 He	 had	 considered	 calling
Sergio	 Ramone	 the	 second	 he	 found	 out	 Merritt	 was	 dead,	 but	 in	 his	 mind,	 hiring	 an
attorney	is	as	good	as	admitting	you’re	guilty.	And	Tag	didn’t	kill	her.
He	didn’t	kill	her.
“I	had	nothing	to	do	with	Ms.	Monaco’s	death,”	he	says.	“Not	one	thing.”
“Were	you	having	an	affair	with	Merritt	Monaco?”	the	Chief	asks.
“I	was,”	Tag	says.	“But	I	ended	things	weeks	ago.”
“Did	Ms.	Monaco	tell	you	she	was	pregnant	with	your	baby?”
“She	said	she	was…”
“Okay,	then,”	the	Chief	says.	He	leans	forward	in	the	chair.	“I’m	going	to	guess	that
when	 you	 heard	 that	 news,	 you	 weren’t	 too	 happy.	 I’m	 going	 to	 guess	 you	 would	 have
gone	to	great	lengths	to	keep	that	news	quiet.”
Tag	 sinks	 into	 himself.	 Could	 he	 throw	 himself	 on	 the	 mercy	 of	 the	 Chief,	 maybe
appeal	to	him	man	to	man?	One	look	at	the	Chief	tells	Tag	that	the	guy	is	honorable.	He’s
wearing	a	gold	wedding	band.	He	has	probably	been	married	twenty-five	or	thirty	years
and	never	so	much	as	glanced	at	another	woman.
“I	would	have	gone	to	great	lengths	to	keep	that	news	quiet,”	Tag	admits.	“If	I	were
even	 certain	 the	 baby	 was	 mine.	 Merritt	 was	 seeing	 other	 men.	 There’s	 an	 Irish	 bloke
named	Robbie	who	bartends	at	the	Breslin	in	New	York	City.	It	might	have	been	Robbie’s
baby.”
“But	she	told	you	it	was	yours,”	the	Chief	says.	“Doesn’t	matter	if	it	was	Robbie’s.	She

was	threatening	you.	She	was	threatening	to	expose	your	affair.	I’m	sure	that	must	have
been	 scary	 for	 you,	 especially	 this	 weekend,	 when	 you	 were	 surrounded	 by	 family	 and
friends.	Your	son’s	getting	married;	seems	pretty	unfair	for	her	to	choose	this	time	to	air
your	dirty	laundry.”
Tag	hears	the	phony	sympathy	in	the	Chief’s	voice,	even	as	his	words	ring	true:	It	was
unfair.
“I	 told	 Merritt	 that	 after	 the	 wedding	 I	 would	 write	 her	 a	 check.	 I	 wanted	 her	 to
terminate	the	pregnancy.”	He	holds	up	his	hands.	“That’s	bad,	I	know.	But	it’s	a	far	cry
from	killing	her.”
The	Chief	stares	at	him.
“Do	 you	 really	 think	 I’d	 be	 daft	 enough	 to	 drown	 a	 woman	 I	 was	 sleeping	 with,	 a
woman	who	claimed	to	be	pregnant	with	my	child,	and	leave	her	to	wash	up	in	front	of	my
house	 on	 the	 morning	 of	 my	 son’s	 wedding?	 I	 wasn’t	 that	 desperate.	 I	 was	 worried,
definitely,	but	I	wasn’t	desperate	and	I	didn’t	kill	anyone.”
“You	did	take	Ms.	Monaco	out	for	a	ride	on	your	kayak,	though,	correct?	The	kayak
we	 found	 on	 the	 beach?	 Your	 wife	 and	 your	 daughter-in-law	 both	 said	 you’re	 the	 only
person	who	uses	the	kayaks.”
“Yes,”	Tag	says.	“Yes,	I	did.”
“Even	though	it	was	the	middle	of	the	night,”	the	Chief	says.	“Did	that	not	seem	like	a
desperate	measure	to	you?	Reckless,	at	the	very	least?”
“She	said	she	needed	to	talk	to	me,”	Tag	says.	“Away	from	everyone,	away	from	the
house.”
“And	what	happened	while	you	were	out	on	this	kayak	ride?”
“I	 was	 paddling	 for	 an	 island	 beach	 out	 by	 Abrams	 Point	 but	 it	 was	 dark	 and	 I	 was
having	a	difficult	time	finding	it,”	Tag	says.	“And	when	we	were	out	in	open	water,	in	the
middle	of	nowhere,	the	kayak	tilted	to	the	right	and	I	heard	a	splash.	Merritt	had	jumped
off.”	 Tag	 leans	 forward.	 “You	 have	 to	 understand,	 Merritt	 was	 unhinged.	 She	 was
hormonal,	emotional,	mentally	unstable.	She	admitted	that	the	only	reason	she	wanted	to
keep	the	baby	was	that	it	gave	her	leverage	over	me.	Then	she	leaped	off	the	boat	like	a
crazy	person.	I	had	to	paddle	back	around	and	haul	her	up	by	the	wrist.”
“By	the	wrist?”	the	Chief	says.
“Yes,”	Tag	says.	“And	as	soon	as	she	was	back	up	in	the	kayak,	I	paddled	like	hell	for
home.	She	got	out	on	the	beach	and	headed	off.	I	thought	she	was	going	to	bed.”
“You	 didn’t	 tie	 the	 kayak	 up,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “You	 left	 it	 overturned	 on	 the	 beach.
Which	I	understand	is	out	of	character	for	you.”
“It	was	unusual,”	Tag	says.	“But	I	worried	that	if	I	hung	around	to	tie	up	the	kayak,	she
would	reappear,	there	would	be	more	drama,	she	would	raise	her	voice,	people	would	hear
us.”	Tag	drops	his	head	into	his	hands.	“I	just	wanted	her	to	leave	me	alone.”

“Exactly,”	the	Chief	says.	“You	just	wanted	her	to	leave	you	alone.”	He	puts	his	hands
on	the	desk	and	leans	forward.	“The	medical	examiner	found	a	heavy-duty	sedative	in	Ms.
Monaco’s	system.	So	let	me	tell	you	what	I	think.	I	think	you	were	pouring	the	girl	shots
and	you	slipped	her	a	mickey.	Then	you	invited	her	out	for	a	kayak	and	you	accidentally
on	purpose	capsized	and	she	never	made	it	back	to	the	boat.	Or	maybe	you	did	as	you	say,
and	you	pulled	her	up	by	the	wrist.	Maybe	you	let	her	pass	out	on	the	kayak	and	then	you
dumped	her	off	closer	to	shore	so	that	it	looked	like	she	went	for	a	swim	and	drowned.”
“No,”	Tag	says.	“That	is	not	what	happened.	I	didn’t	drug	her	and	I	didn’t	dump	her
anywhere.”
“But	you	do	admit	you	were	the	one	pouring	the	shots,”	the	Chief	says.	“Right?”
“Right,	but—”
“Did	she	have	anything	else	to	drink?”	the	Chief	asks.
“Water,”	Tag	says.	“Water!	Featherleigh	went	to	the	kitchen	at	some	point…”	Now	Tag
can’t	recall	if	it	was	before	or	after	Thomas	went	upstairs.	Before,	he	thinks.	Thomas	can
vouch	for	him.	But	no…	no,	it	was	after.	Definitely	after.	“And	Featherleigh	brought	out	a
glass	of	ice	water.”
“Really,”	the	Chief	says.	He	makes	a	note	on	his	pad.
“Yes,	really,”	Tag	says.	This	suddenly	seems	like	the	detail	that	will	save	him.	He	had
been	 wary	 when	 Merritt	 asked	 for	 the	 water	 because	 it	 seemed	 to	 indicate	 she	 was
concerned	 about	 her	 health—or	 the	 health	 of	 the	 baby—and	 then	 Tag	 realized	 that	 he
hadn’t	 actually	 witnessed	 Merritt	 doing	 either	 of	 the	 shots	 he’d	 poured.	 He	 wondered	 if
she’d	thrown	them	over	her	shoulder.	Featherleigh	had	been	only	too	happy	to	fetch	water
for	her	new	best	friend,	and	while	she	was	gone,	Merritt	told	Tag	she	needed	to	talk	to	him
alone.	“Featherleigh	brought	Merritt	a	glass	of	water.	Merritt	drank	the	whole	thing.”
“She	drank	the	whole	thing?”	the	Chief	says.	“Nobody	else	had	any?”
“Correct,”	Tag	says.	He	relaxes	back	into	the	chair.	Maybe	Featherleigh	slipped	Merritt
a	mickey,	or	maybe	they	popped	pills	earlier	in	the	night.	Featherleigh	is	a	wild	card.	Tag
would	 have	 categorized	 her	 as	 harmless	 but	 it’s	 not	 beyond	 her	 to	 have	 accidentally
wreaked	this	kind	of	havoc.
“There	wasn’t	a	water	glass	on	the	scene,”	the	Chief	says.
“No?”	Tag	says.	This	doesn’t	make	sense.	“Well,	I’m	telling	you,	Merritt	drank	a	glass
of	ice	water.	Featherleigh	got	it	from	the	kitchen.”	Tag	glowers	at	the	Chief,	which	feels
risky,	but	he	is	through	being	intimidated.	He	didn’t	drug	Merritt	and	he	didn’t	kill	her.	“I
think	you	need	to	talk	to	Featherleigh	Dale.”
“I	think	you	need	to	stop	telling	me	how	to	run	my	investigation,”	the	Chief	says.	He
barely	raises	his	voice	but	his	tone	is	stern	nonetheless.	He’s	a	local	guy.	He	must	resent
men	 like	 Tag	 with	 their	 showcase	 homes	 and	 their	 shaky	 morals.	 “I	 have	 one	 more
question.”
Tag	is	seeing	spots	in	his	peripheral	vision,	the	first	sign	of	a	tension	headache.	“What

is	it?”
“Ms.	Monaco	had	quite	a	nasty	cut	on	her	foot,”	the	Chief	says.	“And	there	were	traces
of	Ms.	Monaco’s	blood	in	the	sand	on	the	beach	out	front.	Do	you	know	anything	about
this?”
“Nothing,”	Tag	says.	“She	didn’t	have	a	cut	on	her	foot	when	she	was	under	the	tent.
You	can	ask	Featherleigh!	Ask	Thomas!	So…	she	must	have	cut	it	when	she	got	back	on
land.	Which	is	proof	I	delivered	her	safely!”
The	 Chief	 says,	 “It’s	 not	 ‘proof’	 of	 anything.	 But	 thank	 you	 for	 your	 answers.”	 He
stands	and	Tag	stands	as	well,	though	his	legs	are	weak	and	watery.
“I	think	it’s	pretty	obvious	Merritt	took	some	pills	because	she	was	upset,	and	then	she
wandered	back	into	the	water	and	drowned,”	Tag	says.	“You	could	simply	conclude	that
her	 death	 was	 an	 accident.	 It	 would	 be	 easier	 on	 everyone—her	 family,	 her	 friends,	 my
son,	and	Celeste.”
“I	 could	 conclude	 it	 was	 an	 accident,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “And	 you’re	 right—it	 would
probably	 be	 easier	 on	 everyone,	 including	 my	 police	 department.	 But	 it	 wouldn’t
necessarily	be	the	truth.	And	in	my	job,	Mr.	Winbury,	I	seek	the	truth.	Which	obviously
isn’t	something	you’d	understand.”
“I	resent	that,”	Tag	says.
“Oh,	well,”	the	Chief	says.	But	then,	to	Tag’s	relief,	he	heads	for	the	door.	“I’ll	let	you
know	if	I	need	anything	else.”
“So	we’re	finished?”	Tag	asks.
“For	now,”	the	Chief	says.

Sunday,	June	10,	2018

CELESTE

Benji	 is	 away	 on	 his	 bachelor-party	 weekend.	 Shooter	 arranged	 for	 complete
debauchery:	Thursday	afternoon	they	landed	in	Vegas,	where	they	went	to	their	penthouse
suite	at	Aria	and	gambled	until	dawn.	Friday	brought	a	double	bill	of	race-car	driving	and
gun	club.	Saturday	they	drove	to	Palm	Springs	to	golf	and	have	a	thousand-dollar-a-head
steak	dinner	at	Mr.	Lyons.	And	today,	Sunday,	they	are	to	fly	home.
Before	he	left,	Benji	tried	to	apologize	in	advance.	“There	will	probably	be	strippers,”
he	said.	“Or	worse.”
“Hookers	 and	 b-b-blow,”	 Celeste	 says,	 and	 she	 kisses	 him	 good-bye.	 “Or	 p-pperforming	 lesb-b-bians.	 I	 really	 d-d-don’t	 want	 to	 know	 any	 d-d-details.	 Just	 have	 f-ffun.”
“Should	I	be	happy	that	you’re	not	protesting	this	trip,”	Benji	asks,	“or	concerned?”
“B-B-Be	happy,”	Celeste	says.
Celeste	 spent	 Friday	 and	 Saturday	 night	 in	 Easton	 with	 her	 parents.	 Her	 mother	 was
finished	with	treatment;	there	was	nothing	they	could	do	now	but	be	grateful	for	each	new
day.	 Karen	 was	 feeling	 pretty	 good,	 so	 the	 three	 of	 them	 took	 a	 walk	 around	 the
neighborhood	and	then	went	for	an	early	dinner	at	the	diner.
Celeste	had	brought	her	wedding	dress	at	her	father’s	behest.
He	said,	“You	might	want	to	try	it	on	for	your	mom.”
“B-B-But	 why?”	 Celeste	 said.	 “You	 g-g-guys	 are	 still	 c-c-coming,	 right?	 To	 Nant-ttucket?”
“Just	bring	it,	please,”	Bruce	said.
And	so,	once	her	mother	was	settled	at	home	on	Saturday	night,	Celeste	tried	on	the
wedding	gown.	She	put	on	her	white	silk	shantung	kitten	heels	and	her	pearl	earrings.	She
didn’t	 bother	 with	 hair	 or	 makeup	 but	 that	 hardly	 seemed	 to	 matter.	 Karen	 beamed;	 her
eyes	were	shining;	she	clasped	her	hands	to	her	heart.	“Oh,	honey,	you’re	a	vision.”
Thank	you,	Bruce	had	mouthed	from	across	the	room.
Celeste	had	twirled	and	tried	to	smile.
Now,	Sunday	morning,	Celeste	drives	back	to	the	city	to	meet	Merritt	for	lunch	at	a	place
called	Fish	on	Bleecker	Street.
“I	want	oysters,”	Merritt	had	said	to	Celeste	over	the	phone.	“And	I	don’t	want	to	see
anyone	I	know.	I	have	to	talk	to	you.”

When	Celeste	gets	to	Fish,	Merritt	is	already	there	with	a	bloody	mary	in	front	of	her.
She’s	breaking	peanuts	between	her	thumb	and	forefinger	and	throwing	the	shells	on	the
floor.	Fish	has	the	atmosphere	of	a	dive	bar,	but	there	are	yards	of	crushed	ice	upon	which
rest	piles	and	piles	of	oysters.	The	Yankees	game	is	on	TV.	The	bartender	wears	a	T-shirt
that	says	SEX,	DRUGS,	AND	LOBSTER	ROLL.
“Hey,”	 Celeste	 says,	 taking	 the	 stool	 next	 to	 Merritt.	 She	 plants	 a	 kiss	 on	 Merritt’s
cheek	and	orders	a	bloody	mary	as	well.	She	feels	she	deserves	a	little	hedonism.	She	has
been	performing	her	daughterly	duties	while	Benji	has	been	on	a	three-day	bender.
“Hey	yourself,”	Merritt	says.	“Have	you	heard	from	Benji?”
“No,”	Celeste	says.	“I	asked	him	not	to	call	me.”	Her	mood	is	suddenly	buoyant,	her
tongue	nimble.	Her	stutter	all	but	disappears	when	she’s	alone	with	Merritt.
“Seriously?”	Merritt	says.
“Seriously,”	 Celeste	 says.	 “I	 wanted	 him	 to	 enjoy	 himself	 and	 not	 worry	 about
checking	in	with	the	future	wife.”
“Relationship	goals,”	Merritt	says.
Celeste	takes	a	sip	of	her	bloody	mary;	the	alcohol	and	spice	go	right	to	her	head.	She
considers	 telling	 Merritt	 that	 the	 reason	 she	 asked	 Benji	 not	 to	 call	 was	 that	 she	 didn’t
want	 to	 hear	 any	 news	 about	 Shooter—what	 Shooter	 had	 planned,	 what	 Shooter	 was
doing,	what	funny	thing	Shooter	said.	Celeste	is	almost	to	the	finish	line.	The	wedding	is
four	weeks	away,	but	still	she’s	afraid	she’ll	get	tripped	up	by	her	irrational	heart.	Every
day	she	thinks	about	calling	the	wedding	off.
Celeste	 takes	 another	 sip	 of	 her	 bloody	 while	 Merritt	 peruses	 the	 oyster	 list	 on	 the
blackboard.	It	would	be	such	a	relief	to	confess	her	feelings	to	Merritt.	That’s	what	best
friends	are	for,	right?	Technically	Celeste	is	being	a	bad	friend	by	not	telling	Merritt.	And
yet	 Celeste	 fears	 naming	 her	 feelings.	 She’s	 afraid	 if	 she	 says	 the	 words	 aloud—I’m	in
love	with	Shooter—something	very	bad	will	happen.
Merritt	 orders	 a	 dozen	 oysters.	 She’s	 in	 a	 West	 Coast	 mood,	 she	 says,	 so	 six
Kumamotos	and	six	Fanny	Bays;	Celeste	has	agreed	to	taste	one	of	each	in	an	attempt	to
cultivate	a	taste	for	the	little	buggers.	Genus:	Crassostrea.	Species:	gigas.
Merritt	takes	an	exaggerated	breath	and	says,	“Please	don’t	judge	me.”
“I	would	never,”	Celeste	says.	“What’s	going	on?”
Merritt	holds	out	her	hand.	“I’m	so	nervous,	I’m	actually	shaking.”
“Just	 tell	 me,”	 Celeste	 says.	 She’s	 used	 to	 Merritt’s	 theatrics.	 They’re	 one	 of	 the
reasons	Celeste	loves	her.
“I’ve	been	seeing	someone,”	Merritt	says.	“It	started	a	few	weeks	ago	and	I	thought	it
was	a	casual	fling,	but	then	the	guy	called	me	up	and	since	then	it’s	gotten	more	serious.”
“Okay?”	Celeste	says.	She	doesn’t	understand	what	the	big	deal	is.

“He’s	married,”	Merritt	says.
Celeste	shakes	her	head.	“I	thought	you	learned	your	lesson	with	Travis	Darling.”
“Travis	 was	 a	 predator,”	 Merritt	 says.	 “This	 guy	 I	 really	 like.	 The	 problem	 is…
promise	you	won’t	kill	me?”
“Kill	you?”	Celeste	says.	She	can’t	figure	out	what	Merritt	is	going	to	tell	her.
“It’s	 your	 future	 father-in-law,”	 Merritt	 says.	 Her	 head	 falls	 forward	 but	 she	 turns	 to
give	Celeste	a	sidelong	glance.	“It’s	Tag.”
Celeste	 is	 very	 proud	 of	 herself:	 She	 doesn’t	 scream.	 She	 doesn’t	 hop	 off	 her	 stool,
leave	the	bar,	and	get	back	on	the	subway	uptown.	Instead,	she	sucks	down	the	rest	of	her
bloody	mary	and	signals	the	bartender	for	another.
It’s	Tag.	Merritt	and…	Tag.
Celeste	 has	 been	 hanging	 out	 with	 Merritt	 for	 too	 long,	 she	 thinks,	 because	 she	 isn’t
shocked.	She	can	all	too	easily	picture	Merritt	and	Tag	together.	“Did	it	start	when	he	took
you	to	the	wine	dinner?”
“A	little	before	that,”	Merritt	says.	“I	noticed	him	checking	me	out	the	Friday	night	of
your	 bachelorette	 weekend	 while	 we	 were	 out	 front	 waiting	 for	 the	 taxi.	 And	 so	 on
Saturday	morning,	I	did	an	exploratory	mission	to	see	if	he	was	actually	interested,	and	he
was.”
“Have	 you	 slept	 with	 him?”	 Celeste	 asks.	 Tag	 is	 an	 attractive	 guy,	 and	 very	 alpha,
which	is	how	Merritt	likes	her	men.	But	Celeste	can’t	imagine	having	sex	with	him.	He’s
older	than	her	father.
“Are	you	really	twenty-eight	years	old?”	Merritt	asks.	“Of	course	I	slept	with	him.”
“Ugh,”	Celeste	says.	“I’m	sorry,	but—”
“I	figured	it	would	be	a	one-night	stand,”	Merritt	says.	“He	asked	for	my	number	but	I
never	thought	he’d	use	it.	But	then,	a	week	and	a	half	later,	he	called	me	at	two	o’clock	in
the	morning.”
“Oh,	 jeez,”	 Celeste	 says.	 Her	 mind	 starts	 traveling	 the	 predictable	 path:	 What	 is	 Tag
thinking?	 He’s	 such	 a	 creep!	 Such	 a	 stereotypical	 male	 douchebag!	 Up	 until	 this	 very
moment,	Celeste	had	liked	him.	It’s	heartbreaking	to	discover	he’s	preying	on	her	friend,	a
woman	 the	 same	 age	 as	 his	 children.	 Does	 he	 do	 this	 all	 the	 time?	 He	 must!	 And	 what
about	 Greer?	 Celeste	 would	 never	 have	 guessed	 she	 would	 ever	 have	 occasion	 to	 feel
sorry	for	Greer	Garrison,	but	she	does	now.	She	understands	the	biological	impulse	behind
Tag’s	actions:	he	is	still	virile,	still	seeking	to	spread	his	seed	and	propagate	the	species.
But	come	on!
“Come	on!”	Celeste	says.
Merritt	cringes	at	the	outburst.
“Sorry,”	Celeste	says.	She	dives	into	the	second	bloody	mary.	“I’m	sorry.	I	won’t	judge

you.	But	p-p-please,	Merritt,	you	have	to	end	it.	Tomorrow.	Or	better	still,	t-t-tonight.”
“I	don’t	think	I	can,”	Merritt	says.	“I’m	in	it.	He’s	got	me.	My	birthday	is	next	week
and	I	asked	him	to	take	me	away.	I	think	he’s	considering	it.”
“You’re	a	g-g-grown	woman,”	Celeste	says.	She	winces;	her	stutter	is	back.	Of	course
it’s	back!	Celeste	went	from	feeling	relaxed	to	feeling	like	she	just	stepped	off	the	Tilt-aWhirl	 at	 the	 carnival	 with	 a	 stomach	 full	 of	 fried	 dough.	 “He	 hasn’t	 got	 you.	 You	 can
exercise	free	will	and	walk	away.”
“He’s	all	I	think	about,”	Merritt	says.	“He’s	in	my	blood.	It’s	like	I’m	infected.”	The
oysters	 arrive	 and	 Merritt	 absentmindedly	 douses	 half	 of	 them	 with	 hot	 sauce.	 “Do	 you
have	any	idea	what	that	feels	like?”
In	my	blood.	Infected.
Yes,	she	thinks.	Shooter.
“N-N-No,”	she	says.
Against	her	better	judgment,	Celeste	stays	with	Merritt	at	Fish	all	afternoon.	Celeste	has	a
Cobb	salad,	Merritt	a	tuna	burger	with	extra	wasabi.	They	order	a	bottle	of	Sancerre,	and
then—because	 Celeste	 is	 very	 slowly	 processing	 the	 news	 and	 Merritt	 is	 experiencing
some	kind	of	high	at	finally	sharing	it—they	order	a	second	bottle.
“Sancerre	is	a	sauvignon	blanc	that	comes	from	the	Loire	Valley,”	Merritt	says.	“Tag
taught	me	that	our	first	night	together.”
“Great,”	Celeste	says.	She	is	patient	as	Merritt	gradually	reveals	the	particulars	of	her
relationship	 with	 Tag.	 They	 meet	 at	 her	 apartment.	 They	 once	 went	 out	 for	 sandwiches.
Tag	paid,	pulled	her	chair	out,	emptied	her	trash.	Tag	is	refined,	he’s	mature,	he	is	smart
and	successful.	She	knows	it’s	cliché	but	she	is	a	sucker	for	his	British	accent.	She	wants
to	 eat	 it,	 take	 a	 bath	 in	 it.	 Tag	 is	 jealous	 of	 Robbie.	 He	 showed	 up	 outside	 Merritt’s
apartment	building	in	the	middle	of	the	night	because	he	was	so	jealous.
“Does	he	ever	t-t-talk	about	Greer?”	Celeste	asks.	She	pours	herself	another	glass	of
wine.	She	is	getting	drunk.	Their	food	has	been	cleared	and	so	Celeste	attacks	the	bowl	of
peanuts.
“Sometimes	he	mentions	her,”	Merritt	says.	“But	we	tend	to	stay	away	from	the	topic
of	family.”
“Wise,”	Celeste	says.
Merritt	 tells	 Celeste	 that,	 just	 a	 few	 days	 earlier,	 Tag	 asked	 Merritt	 to	 show	 up	 at	 a
hotel	bar	where	he	was	meeting	clients	for	drinks.	They	had	sex	in	the	ladies’	room,	then
Merritt	left.
It’s	like	a	scene	from	a	movie,	Celeste	thinks.	Except	it’s	real	life,	her	real	best	friend
and	her	real	future	father-in-law.	She	should	be	horrified!	But	in	an	uncharacteristic	twist,
she	is	almost	relieved	that	Merritt	is	doing	something	even	worse	than	she	is.	She’s	in	love
with	 Benji’s	 best	 friend.	 But	 she	 has	 exercised	 willpower.	 Willpower,	 she	 now

understands,	is	an	endangered	species.	Other	people	conduct	wildly	inappropriate	affairs.
“I	have	to	get	home,”	Celeste	says,	checking	her	phone.	“Benji	lands	in	twenty	minutes
and	he’s	c-c-coming	over	for	dinner.”
“You	can’t	tell	Benji,”	Merritt	says.
Celeste	gives	her	friend	a	look.	She’s	not	sure	what	kind	of	look	because	her	face	feels
like	it’s	made	of	Silly	Putty.	The	air	in	the	bar	is	shimmering.	Celeste	is	so	drunk.
“Obviously	not,”	she	says.
Merritt	pays	the	bill,	and	Celeste,	for	once,	doesn’t	protest	or	offer	to	pay	half,	nor	does
she	refuse	when	Merritt	presses	thirty	dollars	in	her	hand	and	puts	her	into	a	cab	headed
uptown.	It’s	bribe	money,	and	Celeste	deserves	it.
Somehow,	she	makes	it	up	the	stairs	and	into	her	apartment.	She	can’t	imagine	sobering
up	enough	to	have	dinner	with	Benji,	but	if	she	cancels	he’ll	think	she’s	upset	about	his
weekend	away.
She	cannot	tell	him	about	Merritt	and	his	father.	She	can’t	let	anything	slip.	She	has	to
act	as	though	everything	is	fine,	normal,	status	quo.
She	sends	Merritt	a	text.	End	it!	Now!	Please!
Then	she	falls	asleep	facedown	on	her	futon.
She	wakes	up	when	she	hears	her	apartment’s	buzzer.	The	light	coming	through	her	sole
bedroom	 window	 has	 mellowed.	 It’s	 late.	 What	 time?	 She	 checks	 her	 bedside	 clock.
Quarter	after	seven.	That	will	be	Benji.
She	 hurries	 to	 the	 front	 door	 and	 buzzes	 him	 in,	 then	 she	 rushes	 to	 the	 bathroom	 to
brush	her	teeth	and	splash	water	on	her	face.	She’s	still	drunk	but	not	as	drunk	as	she	was
and	not	yet	cotton-mouthed	or	hung	over.	She’s	even	a	little	hungry.	Maybe	she	and	Benji
can	walk	down	to	the	Peruvian	chicken	place,	she	thinks.	It’s	Sunday	night,	so	Benji	will
sleep	at	home	and	Celeste	can	be	in	bed	by	ten.	She	has	two	all-school	field	trips	coming
to	the	zoo	tomorrow;	it’s	the	curse	of	June.
Celeste	is	immersed	in	these	mundane	thoughts	when	she	opens	the	door,	so	what	she
sees	comes	as	a	complete	shock.
It’s	not	Benji.
It’s	Shooter.
“Wait,”	she	says.
“Hey,	Sunshine,”	he	says.	“Can	I	come	in?”
“Where’s	 B-B-Benji?”	 she	 asks,	 and	 an	 arrow	 of	 pure	 red	 panic	 shoots	 through	 her.
“D-D-Did	something	happen?”
“He	took	a	cab	straight	home	from	JFK,”	Shooter	says.	“Didn’t	he	call	you?”
“I	d-d-don’t	know,”	Celeste	says.	She	hasn’t	checked	her	phone	since…	since	before

getting	in	the	taxi	to	come	home.
Shooter	 nods.	 “Trust	 me.	 He	 called	 you	 and	 left	 a	 message	 saying	 he	 wanted	 to	 go
home	to	bed.	There	wasn’t	much	left	of	old	Benji	when	we	got	off	the	plane.”
“Okay,”	Celeste	says.	“So	what	are	you	d-d-doing	here?”
“Can	I	come	in,	please?”	Shooter	asks.
Celeste	 checks	 behind	 Shooter.	 The	 stairwell	 is	 its	 usual	 gray,	 miserable	 self.	 She
thinks	to	feel	embarrassed	about	her	apartment—Shooter	lives	in	some	corporate	condo	in
Hell’s	Kitchen,	but	even	that	must	put	her	place	to	shame.
She	isn’t	supposed	to	care	what	Shooter	thinks.
“Fine,”	she	says.	She’s	doing	a	good	job	at	sounding	nonchalant,	even	a	bit	irritated,
but	 her	 insides	 are	 flapping	 around	 like	 the	 Bronx	 Zoo’s	 hysterical	 macaw	 Kellyanne.
Benji	 has	 been	 diminished	 by	 his	 bachelor	 adventure,	 and	 Shooter	 doesn’t	 look	 so	 hot
either.	 His	 hair	 is	 messy	 and	 he’s	 wearing	 a	 New	 York	 Giants	 T-shirt,	 a	 frayed	 pair	 of
khaki	shorts,	and	flip-flops.	He	looks	younger	to	Celeste,	nearly	innocent.
She	steps	aside	to	let	him	in,	then	she	closes	the	door	behind	him.
“So	how	was	the	bachelor	party	of	the	century?”	she	asks.
Instead	 of	 answering,	 Shooter	 kisses	 her,	 once,	 and	 it	 feels	 exactly	 the	 way	 Celeste
dreamed	it	would:	soft	and	delicious.	She	makes	a	cooing	sound,	like	a	dove,	and	Shooter
kisses	her	again.	Their	mouths	open	and	his	tongue	seeks	out	hers.	Her	legs	start	to	quiver;
she	 can’t	 believe	 she	 is	 still	 standing.	 Shooter	 takes	 her	 head	 in	 his	 hands;	 his	 touch	 is
gentle	but	the	electricity,	the	heat,	the	desire	between	them	is	crazy.	Celeste	had	no	idea
her	body	could	respond	to	another	person	like	this.	She’s	on	fire.
Shooter’s	hands	travel	down	Celeste’s	back	to	her	ass.	He	pulls	her	against	him.	She
wants	him	so	badly	she	could	weep.	She	hates	that	she	was	right.	She	had	known	if	this
ever	happened,	she	would	become	delirious	and	lose	control	of	her	senses.
Don’t	stop,	she	thinks.	Don’t	stop!
He	pulls	away.	“Celeste,”	he	says.	His	voice	is	husky.	“I’m	in	love	with	you.”
I’m	in	love	with	you	too,	she	thinks.	But	she	can’t	say	it,	and	suddenly	her	good	sense
kicks	 in	 the	 way	 it	 should	 have	 a	 few	 moments	 ago.	 This	 is	 wrong!	 It’s	 wrong!	 She	 is
engaged	to	Benji!	She	will	not	debase	that,	she	will	not	cheat	on	him.	She	will	not	cheat
on	 him.	 She	 will	 not	 be	 like	 Merritt	 or	 Tag.	 They	 may	 think	 that	 the	 intensity	 of	 their
desire	justifies	their	actions,	but	that	is	morally	convenient.	Celeste	isn’t	religious	but	she
does	 have	 an	 immutable	 sense	 of	 right	 and	 wrong	 and	 she	 also	 believes—though	 she
would	 never	 say	 this—that	 if	 Merritt	 and	 Tag	 continue,	 something	 bad	 will	 happen.
Something	very	bad.
This	will	not	be	the	case	for	Celeste.	She	can’t	falter	like	this	or	her	mother	will	die.
She’s	sure	of	it.
“You	have	to	leave,”	Celeste	says.

“Celeste,”	he	says.
“Leave,”	she	says.	She	opens	the	door.	She	feels	faint.	“Shooter.	Please.	Please.”
He	stares	at	her	for	a	long	moment	with	those	hypnotic	blue	eyes.	Celeste	clings	to	the
small	piece	of	herself	that	knows	this	is	the	right	action,	the	only	possible	action.
Shooter	doesn’t	press.	He	steps	out,	and	Celeste	shuts	the	door	behind	him.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:15	p.m.

NANTUCKET

Nick	 has	 just	 heard	 from	 the	 Chief:	 His	 interview	 with	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 is	 suddenly
very	important.	 Tag	 Winbury,	 the	 father,	 is	 still	 a	 person	 of	 interest	 but	 the	 Chief	 isn’t
convinced	he	did	it.
“He	admitted	he	took	the	girl	out	in	the	kayak,”	the	Chief	said.	“He	said	she	jumped
off,	on	purpose,	and	he	yanked	her	back	up	by	the	wrist,	which	is	consistent	with	the	ME’s
report.	 He	 admitted	 to	 pouring	 the	 shots,	 so	 a	 reasonable	 explanation	 is	 he	 slipped	 a
mickey	into	one	of	the	shots,	but	forensics	found	nothing	in	the	bottle	or	the	shot	glasses.
He	didn’t	know	about	the	cut	on	her	foot.	He	said	she	must	have	cut	it	after	they	got	back
to	dry	land.	We	need	to	check	with	Featherleigh	about	the	cut.	And	Tag	said	Merritt	drank
a	glass	of	water	that	Featherleigh	Dale	got	from	the	kitchen.”
“Water?”	Nick	said.	“There	wasn’t	a	water	glass	at	the	scene.”
“Exactly,”	the	Chief	said.	“So	maybe	he’s	lying.	Or	maybe…”
“Someone	got	rid	of	the	water	glass,”	Nick	said.	The	mother,	Greer	Garrison,	had	been
in	 the	 kitchen	 at	 some	 point,	 getting	 champagne.	 Nick	 still	 has	 a	 feeling	 she’s	 hiding
something.	“If	Greer	knew	about	the	affair…”
“And	the	baby…”	the	Chief	said.
“Maybe	she	slipped	a	pill	into	the	drinking	water,”	Nick	said.	“And	then	went	back	and
cleared	the	glass.	Ran	it	through	the	dishwasher	on	the	power-scrub	cycle.	But	how	would
she	know	Merritt	would	then	go	for	a	swim?”
“Maybe	the	father	and	mother	are	in	it	together,”	the	Chief	said.
“Both	 of	 them?”	 Nick	 said.	 “The	 night	 before	 their	 son’s	 big	 wedding?	 A	 wedding
they’re	paying	for?”
“Another	thing,”	the	Chief	said.	“Tag	Winbury	is	a	smart	guy.	If	he’d	used	the	kayak
ride	to	drown	our	girl,	he	would	have	made	damn	sure	he	locked	the	kayak	up	when	he	got
back.	Right?	To	cover	his	tracks?”
“Are	we	overthinking	this?”	Nick	asked.	“Was	it	just	an	accident?”
“Be	thorough	with	Featherleigh,”	the	Chief	said.
“You	know	me,”	Nick	said.	“I’m	a	bloodhound.”
Nick	is	waiting	in	the	interview	room	when	they	bring	Featherleigh	Dale	in.	He	hears	her
squawking	a	bit	out	in	the	hallway:	She’s	going	to	miss	her	flight	to	JFK.	She	needs	to	get
back	to	London.	Luklo	swings	open	the	door	to	the	interview	room	and	ushers	Ms.	Dale
inside.	Nick	stands.

He	and	Featherleigh	Dale	regard	each	other.
She	says,	“Well,	you’re	a	tasty	morsel,	aren’t	you?”
Luklo	 smirks	 and	 Nick	 extends	 a	 hand.	 “Ms.	 Dale,	 I’m	 Nick	 Diamantopoulos,	 a
detective	with	the	Massachusetts	State	Police.	I	just	have	a	few	questions	and	as	soon	as
we’re	through	here,	assuming	we’re	satisfied	with	your	answers,	I’ll	have	Officer	Luklo
get	you	back	to	the	airport	and	on	your	way.”
“If	I	had	known	the	detective	would	look	like	you,”	Featherleigh	says,	“then	I	would
definitely	have	committed	a	crime.”
“If	you’ll	just	have	a	seat,”	Nick	says.
Featherleigh	 wheels	 in	 her	 roller	 bag	 and	 sets	 a	 handbag	 bursting	 with	 stuff—a
paperback	novel,	a	hairbrush,	an	open	bag	of	pretzels,	which	spill	all	over	the	floor—on
top	of	the	suitcase,	then	she	grabs	a	smaller	clutch	purse	from	within	the	bag	and	brings	it
with	her	to	the	table,	where	she	proceeds	to	put	on	fire-engine-red	lipstick.
Nick	 waits	 for	 her	 to	 get	 settled	 and	 thinks,	 This	 woman	 is	 too	 disorganized	 to	 kill
anyone,	even	accidentally.	But	maybe	he’s	wrong.	Featherleigh	Dale	is	in	her	mid-forties.
She’s	a	bit	chunky,	she	has	hair	halfway	between	blond	and	red—it	looks	like	she	changed
her	mind	in	the	middle	of	a	dye	job—and	she’s	wearing	what	looks	like	a	jumpsuit	issued
by	the	air	force	in	1942,	minus	the	sleeves.
“Can	I	get	you	anything	to	drink?”	Nick	asks.
“Not	unless	you	have	a	decent	chardonnay,”	she	says.	“You	interrupted	my	lunch.”
Nick	takes	a	seat.	“Let’s	get	started,	Ms.	Dale—”
“Feather,”	she	says.	“My	friends	call	me	Feather.”
“Feather,”	Nick	says,	and	he	nearly	smiles.	There	used	to	be	a	transvestite	prostitute	on
Brock	 Avenue	 in	 New	 Bedford	 named	 Feather.	 He	 pauses	 to	 remind	 himself	 that	 this	 is
serious	 business	 and	 he	 needs	 to	 be	 thorough.	 “Let’s	 start	 with	 how	 you	 know	 the
Winburys.”
Featherleigh,	now	Feather,	waves	a	hand.	“Known	them	forever,”	she	says.
“Meaning?”
“Meaning,	 let’s	 see…	 Tag	 Winbury	 went	 to	 Oxford	 with	 my	 older	 brother,	 Hamish,
may	he	rest	in	peace,	so	I’ve	known	Tag	since	I	was	a	kid.	I	reconnected	with	the	family	at
my	 brother’s	 funeral,	 and	 after	 that,	 our	 paths	 kept	 crossing.	 I	 own	 a	 business	 finding
antiques	 for	 people	 like	 Greer,	 people	 who	 have	 more	 money	 than	 God	 and	 don’t	 mind
plunking	down	thirty	thousand	quid	for	a	settee.	I	found	her	some	salvaged	windows	from
a	church	in	Canterbury.	Those	went	for	ten	thousand	quid	apiece	and	I’m	pretty	sure	she’s
still	got	them	in	storage.”
“So	you	have	a	business	relationship	with	the	Winburys,	then,”	Nick	says.
“And	personal,”	Feather	says.	“We’re	friends.”

“Well,	yes,”	Nick	says.	“You	came	over	from	London	for	the	wedding.	How	well	do
you	know	Benji	and	Celeste?”
“I	know	Benji	a	little	bit,”	Feather	says.	“Celeste	not	at	all.	Just	met	her	last	night.	Her
and	her	friend.	Shame	what	happened.”
“What	happened?”	Nick	says.
Feather’s	eyes	widen.	“Have	you	not	heard?	The	bride’s	friend,	Merritt,	drowned.	The
maid	of	honor.	I	thought	that	was	why	you	had	questions.”
“No,	right,	it	is,	I	do,”	Nick	says.	Her	disarray	is	throwing	him	off	his	stride.	“I	meant,
what	happened	last	night?	You	were	part	of	the	group	that	sat	out	under	the	tent	drinking
rum,	correct?”
“Mount	 Gay	 Black	 Barrel,”	 Feather	 says.	 “Out	 of	 Barbados.	 You	 know,	 I’ve	 been	 to
the	estate	where	it’s	made.	I	love	the	stuff.”
“Who	exactly	was	sitting	at	the	table	with	you?”	Nick	asks.
“Tag,	 Thomas,	 myself,	 and	 Merritt,”	 Feather	 says.	 Then	 she	 adds	 gravely,	 “The
deceased.”
“So	you	say	you	just	met	Merritt	last	night,”	Nick	says.	“How	did	that	come	about?”
“It	came	about	the	way	those	things	do	at	a	party,”	Feather	says.	“I	noticed	her	right
away.	 She	 was	 pretty	 and	 stylish	 and	 she	 had	 natural	 confidence.	 I	 love	 confidence.”
Feather	beams	at	Nick.	“You	have	natural	confidence.	I	can	see	it.	It’s	a	very	attractive	trait
in	a	man.”
“So	you	noticed	her	from	afar,”	Nick	says.	“Were	you	properly	introduced?”
“Not	until	later,”	Feather	says.	“Much	later,	in	fact—after	the	party	was	over.”
Nick	makes	a	note	and	nods.	He	senses	Feather	needs	only	the	slightest	encouragement
to	keep	talking.
“I	 was	 desperately	 seeking	 another	 drink.	 The	 young	 kids	 went	 into	 town—bride,
groom,	 best	 man,	 Thomas—but	 no	 one	 thought	 to	 invite	 old	 Feather,	 and	 I	 just	 wasn’t
ready	to	go	back	to	my	inn.	I	tried	to	wrangle	a	bottle	of	booze	out	of	the	catering	help	but
that	didn’t	work,	so	I	went	on	a	hunt.”
“A	hunt,”	Nick	says.
“I	 was	 stealthy,”	 Feather	 says.	 “Because	 I	 knew	 if	 Greer	 saw	 me,	 she	 would	 put	 me
right	into	a	taxi.”
“Oh,	really?”
“Greer	doesn’t	like	me,	doesn’t	approve	of	me.	She’s	old	money,	landed	gentry,	grew
up	 on	 a	 manor	 called	 Swallowcroft,	 went	 to	 Wycombe	 Abbey,	 all	 of	 that.	 And	 she
suspects	I’m	after	her	hubby.	Ha!”	Feather	hoots.	“He’s	way,	way	too	old	for	me.”
Nick	needs	a	verbal	leash	for	this	woman	so	she	doesn’t	go	wandering	off,	although	he
makes	a	note:	Greer	suspected	Feather	+	Tag???	“Back	to	how	you	met	Merritt…”

“So	I	was	sneaking	around	a	bit,	tiptoeing,	dodging	behind	bushes,	harder	than	it	looks
because	of	motion-detector	lighting.	I	figured	if	I	could	get	to	the	pool	house,	I	would	find
alcohol.”	 Feather	 taps	 a	 finger	 against	 her	 temple.	 “Clever	 bit	 of	 sleuthing	 on	 my	 part
there.	 Anyway,	 I	 stumbled	 across	 the	 maid	 of	 honor	 sitting	 in	 Greer’s	 rose	 garden.	 She
was	crying.”
“Crying?”
“I	asked	if	she	was	all	right.	Yes,	she	said.	Then	I	asked	if	there	was	anything	I	could
do.	No,	she	said.	I	was	surprised	because	I’d	pegged	her	for	naturally	confident	and	then
there	she	was,	like	a	little	girl	on	the	playground	whose	friends	had	all	forsaken	her.	So	I
asked	if	she	wanted	to	join	in	my	caper.”
“Caper,”	Nick	says.
“Hunting	for	booze	in	the	pool	house,”	Feather	says.	“And	she	said	yes	and	came	with
me.”
“Then	what?”	Nick	says.
“We	opened	the	gate,	we	selected	a	couple	of	chaise	longues,	I	slid	the	glass	doors	to
the	pool	house	open,	and	voilà—full	bar!	I	made	a	couple	of	Grey	Goose	and	tonics	and
brought	them	out.	Merritt	said	she	didn’t	want	hers,	her	stomach	was	feeling	funny,	and
that	was	just	fine	by	me.	I	had	them	both.”
“Did	Merritt	stay	with	you?”	Nick	asks.
“Yes,	she	stayed.	We	talked.	Turned	out	we	had	a	lot	in	common.”
“Did	you?”
“We	 were	 both	 involved	 with	 married	 men,”	 Feather	 says.	 “I	 mean,	 what	 are	 the
chances	of	that?”
Not	so	slim,	Nick	wants	to	say,	but	he	needs	to	tread	carefully	here.	Feather	seems	to
be	genuine	but	he	has	been	at	this	long	enough	to	suspect	it	might	be	an	act.
“Did	Merritt	say	anything	about	the	man	she	was	involved	with?”	he	asks.
“Only	that	he	was	married,”	Feather	says.	“And	was	apparently	a	real	bastard.	Pursued
her,	pursued	her,	pursued	her…	then	dropped	her	like	a	hot	potato.	Won’t	leave	his	wife,
no	way,	nohow.	And	I’ll	tell	you,	that	all	sounded	much	too	familiar.”
“But	Merritt	didn’t	say	who	the	man	was?”
“She	didn’t	tell	and	neither	did	I,”	Feather	says.	“We	were	there	to	commiserate,	not
confess.”
“Did	she	say	if	the	man	she	was	seeing	was	at	the	wedding?”	Nick	asks.
“At	the…	no.	She	lives	in	Manhattan.	Why	would…	are	you	thinking	she	was	seeing	a
married	man	at	the	wedding	and	he	was	the	one	who	killed	her?”
Nick	needs	to	redirect.	“What	happened	when	you	left	the	pool	house?”

“We	decided	to	walk	back	to	the	main	house,”	Feather	says.	“And	we	happened	across
Tag	and	Thomas	and	their	bottle	of	Black	Barrel.”
“Did	they	seem	surprised	to	see	you	two?”	Nick	asks.
Feather	 tilts	 her	 head.	 “Did	 they?	 I	 don’t	 remember.	 Tag	 asked	 if	 we	 were	 up	 for	 a
nightcap.	We	said	yes.”
“So	you’re	sitting	around	under	the	tent	drinking	rum	and	what	happens?”	Nick	asks.
“What	do	you	think	happens?”	Feather	asks.	“We	get	drunk.”	She	pauses.	“Drunker.”
“Was	Merritt	drinking?”
“I	assume	so?”	Feather	says.	“Don’t	quote	me	on	that	because,	remember,	she	had	a
queasy	stomach.	After	a	while,	Thomas’s	wifey	called	him	upstairs	and	I	figured	the	party
was	breaking	up.	But	Tag	is	a	night	owl	and	he	seemed	game	to	keep	going	awhile	longer
and	Merritt	asked	for	water.	I	got	it	for	her,	actually.”
“You	got	Merritt	a	glass	of	water?”	Nick	says.
Feather	nods.
“Did	you	put	ice	in	the	water?”	Nick	asks.
Feather’s	eyes	roll	skyward,	as	if	the	answer	to	that	question	is	written	on	the	ceiling.
“I	can’t	recall.	I’m	sorry.	Is	that	important?”
“Did	anything	else	happen	while	you	were	inside	getting	the	water?”	he	asks.	“Did	you
see	anyone?	Do	anything?”
Feather	nods.	“I	took	a	piss.”
“You	 went	 to	 the	 bathroom,”	 Nick	 says.	 “Was	 that	 before	 you	 poured	 the	 water?	 Or
after?”
Feather	stares	at	him.	“After,”	she	says.	“I	left	the	water	on	the	counter.	I	mean,	I	didn’t
bring	it	into	the	loo	with	me.”
“But	you	didn’t	see	anyone	else	in	the	kitchen?”	Nick	asks.
“No.”
“Did	you	hear	anyone?”
“No,”	Feather	says.	“Fan	was	on.	In	very	posh	houses,	you	know,	they	don’t	listen	to
one	another	tinkle.”
“No	one	followed	you	in	from	outside?”	Nick	asks.
“No,”	Feather	says.
“And	when	you	brought	Merritt	the	water,	did	she	drink	it?”	Nick	asks.
“Drank	it	down	like	she’d	eaten	a	pound	of	rock	salt.”
“Do	you	remember	clearing	her	glass?”	Nick	asks.	“Because	the	water	glass	wasn’t	on
the	table	this	morning.	But	the	shot	glasses	were.”

Feather	shakes	her	head.	“I’ve	got	no	memory	of	clearing	the	glass	or	not	clearing	the
glass.	If	I	had	to	guess,	I’d	say	I	left	it	there,	thinking	the	housekeeper	would	get	it	in	the
morning.”
Nick	makes	a	note:	Housekeeper?
“And	how	did	the	party	finally	break	up?”	Nick	asks.
“We	ran	through	the	bottle	of	rum,”	Feather	says.	“Tag	said	he	was	going	to	his	study
for	another.	Right	after	he	left,	Merritt	said	she	was	going	to	bed.	So	I	was	in	the	tent	by
myself	 for	 a	 while…	 then	 I	 decided	 I’d	 better	 skedaddle.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 stay	 up	 late
drinking	with	just	Tag.”
“Why	not?”
“It	 wouldn’t	 look	 good,”	 Feather	 says.	 “If	 Greer	 caught	 us…”	 Feather	 pauses.	 “I’m
terrified	of	that	woman.”
“Are	you?”
“Everyone	is	terrified	of	her,”	Feather	says.	“She	says	one	thing	but	you	can	just	tell	by
looking	at	her	that	in	her	mind	she’s	thinking	something	else.	Novelists	are	notorious	liars,
you	know.”
“Are	they?”	Nick	asks.
“Aren’t	they?”	Feather	says.	“They	lie	for	a	living.	They	make	up	stories.	So	it	stands
to	reason	that	this	tendency	runs	over	into	their	personal	lives.”
Nick	is	intrigued	by	this	answer.	“Did	you	see	Greer	around	at	all,	even	for	an	instant,
after	the	party?	Did	you	see	her	in	the	kitchen	pouring	herself	a	glass	of	champagne?”
“No,”	Feather	says.	She	gasps.	“Why?	Do	you	think	Greer	had	something	to	do	with
what	happened?”
“You	didn’t	see	her?”	Nick	asks.
Feather	shakes	her	head.
“Did	you	see	Merritt	again	that	night?”
“No,”	Feather	says.
“So	the	last	time	you	saw	Merritt	was	when	she	left	the	tent	saying	she	was	going	to
bed.”
“Correct.”
“At	any	point	during	the	night,	did	Merritt	cut	her	foot?”	Nick	asks.
“Cut	her	foot?”	Feather	says.	“No.”
“Was	she	wearing	shoes	when	you	were	doing	your	stealthy	hunting?”
“Yes,”	 Feather	 says.	 “Silver	 sandals.	 Gorgeous.	 Merritt	 said	 she	 had	 gotten	 them	 for
free	from	the	company	and	I	asked	if	she	could	get	me	a	pair	for	free	and	she	asked	what

size	I	wore	and	I	said	ten	and	a	half	and	she	said,	‘Done.’”	Feather’s	eyes	start	to	water.
“She	really	was	a	lovely	girl.”
“Yes,”	 Nick	 says.	 “I’m	 sure	 she	 was.”	 He	 writes:	 No	 cut.	 Sandals.	 He	 knows	 there
were	silver	sandals	on	the	scene,	under	the	tent,	which	Merritt	must	have	left	behind	when
she	went	for	the	kayak	ride.	Nick	finally	feels	like	he	can	see	what	happened	last	night…
except	for	a	few	critical	details.
“Okay,	so	when	you…	skedaddled,	where	did	you	go?	Did	you	call	a	taxi	and	go	back
to	your	inn?”
“Mm-hmm,”	Feather	says.
“I’m	sorry,”	Nick	says.	“I	need	you	to	give	me	a	yes-or-no	answer.”
Feather	hesitates.
Okay,	then,	Nick	thinks.	Here	it	is.	“Feather?”
“Yes,”	she	says.	“Yes,	I	did.”
“And	what	time	was	that?”	Nick	asks.
“Couldn’t	tell	you.”
“But	it	was	late,”	he	says.
Feather	shrugs.
Nick	locks	eyes	with	Feather	and	gives	her	his	best	smile.	Nick’s	sister,	Helena,	calls
this	 smile	 “the	 kill,”	 because	 it	 usually	 gets	 him	 whatever	 he’s	 after.	 And	 Feather
succumbs	to	it.	She	cocks	an	eyebrow.
“Are	you	single?”	she	asks.	“Because	if	you	are,	I	could	be	convinced	to	stay	another
night.”
“Did	you	call	the	taxi	right	away?”	Nick	asks.	“Or	did	you	stay	in	the	tent?	Or	did	you
do	something	else?”
“Something	else?”	Feather	says.
“The	manager	of	your	inn,”	Nick	says,	“told	our	officer	that	you	returned	to	the	hotel	at
quarter	past	five	this	morning.	And	we	have	a	time	of	death	for	Ms.	Monaco	somewhere
between	 two	 forty-five	 and	 three	 forty-five.	 Working	 backward,	 then,	 she	 likely	 entered
the	 water	 between	 two	 thirty	 and	 three	 thirty.	 Now,	 if	 you	 didn’t	 reach	 your	 inn	 until
quarter	after	five…”
“The	manager	is	mistaken,”	Feather	says.	“It	was	earlier	than	five.	Hours	earlier.”
“But	you	said	only	a	moment	ago	that	you	didn’t	know	what	time	it	was,”	Nick	says.
“Well,	I	can	bloody	well	tell	you	it	was	earlier	than	five	o’clock!”	Feather	says.
“We	can	easily	check	the	security	cameras,”	Nick	says.
Feather	hoots.	“That	place	does	not	have	security	cameras!”	she	says.	“You’re	trying	to

trick	me!”
“They	had	a	break-in	last	year,”	Nick	says.	“Nothing	was	taken,	but	Miss	Brannigan,
who	runs	the	inn,	was	understandably	skittish,	so	she	installed	cameras.”	Nick	closes	his
notebook,	 grabs	 his	 pen,	 and	 stands.	 “I’ll	 send	 Officer	 Luklo	 out	 to	 request	 the	 camera
footage.”
He	turns,	wondering	how	many	steps	away	he’ll	get.
Two	steps,	as	it	turns	out.
“Wait,”	Feather	says.	“Just	wait.”
“Do	you	want	to	change	your	answer?”	Nick	says.
“Yes,”	Feather	says.	“Do	you	have	a	cigarette?”
“Quit	five	years	ago,”	Nick	says.	“Saved	my	own	life.	It’s	a	filthy	habit.”
“Filthy,”	Feather	agrees.	“But	sometimes	nothing	else	will	do.”
“I	have	to	agree	with	you	there,”	Nick	says.	He	sits	back	down.	“I	do	sometimes	bum
one	when	I’ve	been	drinking	bourbon.”
“You’re	human,	then,”	Feather	says.	She	tears	up.	“And	I’m	human	too.”
“That’s	 exactly	 right,”	 Nick	 says.	 “You’re	 human	 and	 human	 beings	 make	 mistakes
and	act	in	all	kinds	of	ways	we	shouldn’t.”	He	pauses	and	very	slowly	opens	his	notebook.
“Now,	why	don’t	you	tell	me	what	happened.	You	didn’t	call	a	taxi,	did	you?”
“No,”	Feather	says.	“No,	I	didn’t.	I	went	into	the	house	and	fell	asleep.”
Nick	drops	his	pen.	“Fell	asleep?”
“More	like	passed	out,”	Feather	says.
“You	expect	me	to	believe	that?”	Nick	says.
“It’s	the	truth,”	Feather	says.
Nick	stands	up.	“You	were	one	of	the	last	people	to	see	Merritt	Monaco	alive.	Unless
you	can	come	up	with	a	taxi	driver	who	will	vouch	for	picking	you	up	before	two	fortyfive,	I	have	you	at	the	scene	at	the	time	of	death.	You	were	also	the	one	who	brought	Ms.
Monaco	the	water,	which	was	the	last	thing	she	consumed	before	she	died.	Do	you	know
what	kind	of	trouble	that	puts	you	in,	Ms.	Dale?”
“I	stayed	at	the	Winburys’	house,”	Feather	says,	“because	I	was	waiting	for	someone.”
“Waiting	for	who?”	Nick	says.	He	tries	to	sort	through	the	major	players.	Mr.	Winbury
having	an	affair	with	Merritt.	Shooter	Uxley	in	love	with	the	bride.	Who	was	Featherleigh
Dale	waiting	for	in	the	middle	of	the	night?
Feather’s	full-on	crying	now.
Nick	can’t	decide	which	way	to	go.	Should	he	raise	his	voice	and	play	the	bully?	No,
he	thinks.	That	only	works	on	TV.	In	real	life,	what	works	is	patience	and	kindness.

Nick	 grabs	 the	 box	 of	 tissues	 they	 keep	 in	 the	 interview	 room	 for	 just	 this	 sort	 of
occasion.	He	puts	it	on	the	table,	plucks	out	a	tissue,	hands	it	to	Feather,	then	eases	down
into	his	seat.
“Who	were	you	waiting	for,	Feather?”	he	asks,	as	gently	as	he	can.	“Who?”
“Thomas,”	Feather	says.
Thomas?	Nick	thinks.	Who’s	Thomas?	Then	he	remembers:	Thomas	is	Benji’s	brother.
“Thomas	 Winbury?”	 Nick	 says.	 “Are	 you	 involved	 with	 Thomas	 Winbury…
romantically?”	 Married	 man,	 he	 thinks.	 Tag…	 way,	 way	 too	 old…	 They	 were	 there	 to
commiserate,	not	confess.
“Was,”	 Feather	 says.	 “But	 then	 he	 broke	 things	 off	 in	 May”—she	 stops	 to	 pluck
another	tissue	out	of	the	box	and	blow	her	nose—“when	his	wife	got	pregnant.	He	said	he
couldn’t	see	me	anymore.	He	told	me	not	to	come	to	the	wedding.	He	said	if	I	came	to	the
wedding,	he’d	kill	me.	Those	were	his	exact	words.”
Nick’s	 thoughts	 are	 hopping	 now.	 Like	 father,	 like	 son.	 Thomas	 was	 involved	 with
Feather	but	broke	it	off	when	he	found	out	Abby	was	pregnant.	Thomas	tells	Feather	not
to	come	to	the	wedding.	Threatens	her.	Maybe	he	thinks	she’ll	tell	Abby	about	the	affair.
“Do	you	think	Thomas	meant	it?”	Nick	says.	“People	say	‘I’m	going	to	kill	you’	all	the
time.	 Too	 much	 for	 my	 taste.	 Or	 do	 you	 think…	 do	 you	 think	 he	 actually	 tried	 to	 kill
you?”
There	was	nothing	in	the	shot	glasses,	nothing	in	the	bottle.
The	water	glass.
“Let’s	go	back,”	Nick	says.	“When	you	went	into	the	kitchen	to	get	water	for	Merritt,
you	said	everyone	was	still	back	at	the	table,	correct?”
Feather	pauses.	“Yes.”
“And	there	was	no	one	in	the	kitchen?”	he	asks.	“You’re	sure	you	didn’t	see	Greer?	I
know	you’re	terrified	of	her	but	you	can	tell	me	the	truth.”
“No,”	Feather	says.	“I	did	not	see	Greer.”
“And	you	used	the	restroom	after	you	poured	the	water?”	Nick	says.	“How	long	were
you	in	the	bathroom?”
“Couple	minutes?”	Feather	says.	“The	usual	amount	of	time.	But	I	did	try	to	primp	a
bit	as	well.”
“So	let’s	say	five	minutes.	Sound	fair?”
“Fair.”
Plenty	 of	 time	 for	 Thomas	 to	 sneak	 in	 and	 drop	 a	 mickey	 in	 the	 water	 glass—or	 for
Greer	to	do	the	same.
But,	Nick	thinks,	Merritt	wasn’t	poisoned,	just	sedated.	Which	leads	Nick	back	to	the

father,	Tag	Winbury.	Tag	could	have	doctored	the	water	before	he	took	Merritt	out	on	the
kayak.	Then,	when	she	“fell	overboard,”	she	would	have	been	more	likely	to	drown.
What	about	the	cut	on	her	foot?
Maybe	she	cut	it	on	a	shell	on	the	ocean	floor	when	she	fell	off	the	kayak?	But	there
was	 blood	 in	 the	 sand.	 If	 Feather	 is	 telling	 the	 truth	 and	 Merritt	 was	 wearing	 sandals
earlier	in	the	night,	then	she	must	have	cut	her	foot	after	she	got	back	from	the	kayak	ride.
Could	she	have	cut	her	foot	on	the	beach	before	climbing	into	the	kayak?	But	there	was	no
blood	in	the	kayak.
Unless	Tag	had	washed	it	off.
But	if	he	was	going	to	do	that,	why	not	tie	the	kayak	back	up?
Aaarrgh!	Nick	feels	the	answer	is	right	there…	he	just	can’t	see	it.
He	smiles	at	Feather	again	and	says,	“I’ll	be	back	in	two	shakes.”
Nick	steps	outside	the	interview	room	to	call	the	Chief.
“Talk	to	Thomas,	the	brother,”	he	says.

KAREN

A	knock	at	the	door	wakes	Karen	up.	Karen	looks	over	to	Bruce	and	finds	him	asleep
and	snoring	aggressively.
Another	knock.	Then	a	voice:	“Betty?	Mac?”
It’s	Celeste.	Karen	swings	her	feet	to	the	floor	and	carefully	stands	up.	She	still	feels
no	pain,	which	is	odd.
She	opens	the	door	to	see	her	sad,	beautiful	daughter	standing	before	her,	wearing	the
pale	 pink	 dress	 with	 the	 rope	 detail	 that	 she	 was	 supposed	 to	 travel	 in	 tomorrow.	 She’s
holding	her	yellow	paisley	duffel	bag.
“Oh,	 my	 poor,	 poor	 Bug,”	 Karen	 says.	 She	 gathers	 Celeste	 up	 in	 her	 arms.	 “I	 am	 so
sorry,	sweetheart.	So,	so	sorry	about	Merritt.”
“It’s	my	fault,”	Celeste	says.	“She	died	because	of	me.”
Karen	 recognizes	 this	 response	 as	 an	 opening	 for	 a	 longer	 conversation.	 She	 glances
back	at	Bruce.	He’s	still	sawing	logs,	as	they	say;	she	knows	she	should	wake	him	up—he
will	 want	 to	 see	 Celeste—but	 she	 senses	 that	 Celeste	 needs	 a	 confidante,	 and	 there	 are
some	things	that	men	just	don’t	understand.
Karen	grabs	her	cane,	steps	out	into	the	hallway,	and	closes	the	bedroom	door	behind
her.	“Where	shall	we	go?”
Celeste	leads	her	to	the	end	of	the	hall	where	there	is	a	glassed-in	sunporch	that	is	quiet
and	unoccupied.	Karen	negotiates	the	one	step	down	holding	on	to	Celeste’s	arm.	Celeste
leads	Karen	over	to	a	sofa	with	bright	yellow-orange	cushions	the	color	of	marigolds.
Karen	 takes	 a	 moment	 to	 admire	 the	 room.	 The	 floor	 is	 herringboned	 brick	 covered
with	 sea-grass	 area	 rugs.	 The	 perimeter	 of	 the	 room	 is	 lined	 with	 lush	 potted	 plants—
philodendron,	 ferns,	 spider	 plants,	 a	 row	 of	 five	 identical	 topiary	 trees	 trimmed	 to	 look
like	globe	lamps.	From	the	ceiling	hang	blown-glass	spheres	swirling	with	a	rainbow	of
color.	 Karen	 becomes	 mesmerized	 for	 a	 second	 by	 the	 spheres;	 they	 look	 as	 delicate	 as
soap	bubbles.
Celeste	follows	her	gaze	and	says,	“Apparently	these	were	an	obsession	of	Greer’s	the
year	she	wrote	A	Murder	in	Murano.	Murano	is	an	island	near	Venice	where	they	make
glass.	I	had	to	look	it	up	when	Benji	told	me	that.”
“Oh,”	 Karen	 says.	 The	 room	 has	 enormous	 windows	 that	 look	 down	 over	 the	 round
rose	garden.	“There	is	no	end	to	the	wonders	of	this	house.”
“Well,”	 Celeste	 says,	 but	 nothing	 follows	 and	 Karen	 can’t	 tell	 if	 she’s	 agreeing	 or

disagreeing.	She	sits	next	to	Karen	on	the	cheerful	sofa.	“I	decided	last	night	that	I	wasn’t
going	to	marry	Benji.”
“I	know,”	Karen	says.
“How?”	Celeste	whispers.	“How	did	you	know?”
“I’m	your	mother,”	Karen	says.	She	could	tell	Celeste	about	the	dream	with	the	strange
hotel	and	how,	in	that	dream,	Celeste	was	lost.	She	could	tell	Celeste	that	she	woke	up	so
certain	marrying	Benji	was	the	wrong	thing	for	Celeste	to	do	that	she	got	out	of	bed	and
went	looking	for	her,	but	she	had	found	Bruce	and	Tag	instead	and	learned	something	she
could	have	lived	the	rest	of	her	days	without	knowing.	She	could	even	tell	Celeste	about
her	visit	to	the	psychic,	Kathryn	Randall,	who	had	predicted	that	Celeste’s	love	life	would
enter	a	state	of	chaos…	But	there’s	nothing	either	one	of	us	can	do	about	it.
Instead,	Karen	lets	those	three	words	suffice.	She	is	Celeste’s	mother.
It’s	 suddenly	 clear	 that	 Karen’s	 remaining	 time	 on	 earth	 matters.	 There	 are	 so	 many
moments	 of	 her	 life	 that	 will	 be	 overlooked	 or	 forgotten:	 locking	 her	 keys	 in	 her	 car
outside	 of	 Jabberwocky	 in	 downtown	 Easton,	 having	 her	 credit	 card	 declined	 at
Wegman’s,	 peeing	 behind	 a	 tree	 at	 Hackett’s	 Park	 when	 she	 was	 pregnant	 with	 Celeste,
beating	 her	 best	 time	 in	 the	 two-hundred-meter	 butterfly	 in	 the	 biggest	 meet	 of	 the	 year
against	Parkland	when	she	was	a	senior,	nearly	choking	on	a	cherry	Life	Saver	during	a
game	 of	 kickball	 when	 she	 was	 ten	 years	 old,	 sneaking	 out	 to	 the	 eighth	 hole	 of	 the
Northampton	 Country	 Club	 with	 Bruce	 during	 her	 prom.	 Those	 moments	 had	 seemed
important	to	Karen	at	the	time	but	then	they	vanished,	evaporating	to	join	the	gray	mist	of
her	past.
However,	 what	 Karen	 says	 to	 Celeste	 here	 and	 now	 will	 last.	 Celeste	 will	 remember
her	words	for	the	rest	of	her	life,	she	is	sure	of	this,	and	so	she	has	to	take	care.
“When	 you	 met	 Benji,”	 Karen	 says,	 “we	 were	 very	 excited.	 Your	 father	 and	 I	 have
been	so	happy	together…	we	wanted	you	to	find	someone.	We	wanted	you	to	have	what
we	have.”
Celeste	lays	her	head	in	Karen’s	lap,	and	Karen	strokes	her	hair.	“Not	everyone	is	like
you,”	Celeste	says.	“Not	everyone	gets	that	lucky	on	the	first	try…	or	ever.”
“Celeste,”	Karen	says.	“There	are	things	you	don’t	know…”
“There	are	things	you	don’t	know!”	Celeste	says.	“I	tried	to	make	myself	love	Benji.
He’s	 a	 good	 person.	 And	 I	 understood	 it	 was	 important	 to	 you	 and	 Mac	 that	 I	 married
someone	who	could	take	care	of	me	financially—”
“Not	 just	 financially,”	 Karen	 says,	 although	 she	 realizes	 she	 and	 Bruce	 are	 probably
guilty	as	charged.	“Benji	is	strong.	He	comes	from	a	good	family—”
“His	family,”	Celeste	says,	“isn’t	what	it	seems.”
Karen	 gazes	 out	 the	 window	 at	 the	 serene	 expanse	 of	 the	 Nantucket	 harbor.	 Maybe
Celeste	already	knows	that	Tag	Winbury’s	mistress	has	a	baby	on	the	way.	It	makes	either
perfect	 sense	 or	 no	 sense	 at	 all	 that	 a	 family	 as	 wealthy	 and	 esteemed	 as	 the	 Winburys

have	a	second	narrative	running	deep	underneath	the	first,	like	a	dark,	murky	stream.	But
who	is	Karen	to	judge?	Only	a	few	hours	ago,	she	feared	she	had	caused	Merritt’s	death.
“So	 few	 families	 are,”	 Karen	 says.	 “So	 few	 people	 are.	 We	 all	 have	 flaws	 we	 try	 to
hide,	darling.	Secrets	we	try	to	keep.	All	of	us,	Celeste.”
“I	made	it	to	the	night	before	the	wedding,”	Celeste	says.	“Before	that,	I	thought	if	I
acted	on	my	true	feelings,	something	bad	would	happen.	Then	I	told	myself	that	was	silly.
My	actions	don’t	influence	the	fate	of	others.	But	Merritt	died.	She	died,	nearly	as	soon	as
I	made	the	decision.	She	was	the	only	real,	true	friend	I’ve	had	in	my	life	other	than	you
and	Mac,	and	now	she’s	gone	forever.	Forever,	Mama.	And	it’s	my	fault.	I	did	this	to	her.”
“No,	Celeste—”
“Yes,	I	did,”	Celeste	says.	“One	way	or	the	other,	I	did.”
Karen	watches	the	tears	stream	down	her	daughter’s	face.	Karen	is	curious—and	more
than	a	little	alarmed—that	Celeste	keeps	insisting	Merritt’s	death	is	her	fault.	Did	Celeste
do	something	to	her?	Did	she	not	do	something?	It	can’t	be	a	good	idea	for	Celeste	to	be
carrying	on	about	how	it’s	her	fault	when	the	house	is	crawling	with	police.
“What	do	you	mean	by	that,	darling?”	Karen	asks.	“Do	they	know	what	happened?”
“I	think	she	took	pills,”	Celeste	says.	“I	think	she	did	it	to	herself.	She	was	in	a	bad
relationship,	a	bad	situation…	and	I	was	emphatic	about	her	breaking	it	off	for	good,	but
she	said	she	couldn’t.	I	found	her	crying	in	the	rose	garden	last	night.”
“You	did?”
“She	wanted	to	know	why	love	was	so	hard	for	her,	why	she	couldn’t	get	it	right.	And	I
hugged	her	and	kissed	her	and	told	her	it	was	going	to	be	fine,	she	just	needed	to	move	on.
But	you	know	what	I	should	have	done?	I	should	have	told	her	that	I	couldn’t	get	it	right
either.	That	love	is	hard	for	everybody.”	Celeste	takes	a	breath.	“I	should	have	told	her	I
didn’t	love	Benji.	But	I	couldn’t	even	say	the	words	in	my	own	mind,	much	less	out	loud
to	another	person.	She	was	my	best	friend	and	I	didn’t	tell	her.”
“Oh,	honey,”	Karen	says.
“Early	this	morning	I	went	outside	to	look	at	the	water	one	last	time	because	I	knew	I
was	leaving	this	view	behind	for	good.	And	I	saw	something	floating.”
“Celeste,”	Karen	whispers.
“It	was	Merritt,”	Celeste	says.
Karen	closes	her	eyes.	They	are	both	quiet.	Outside,	birds	are	singing	and	Karen	can
hear	the	gentle	lapping	of	the	waves	on	the	Winburys’	beach.
Celeste	says,	“I’m	not	going	to	marry	Benji.	I’m	going	to	take	a	trip,	by	myself	maybe.
Spend	some	time	alone.	Try	to	process	what	happened.”
“I	think	that’s	wise,	darling,”	Karen	says.	“Let’s	go	tell	your	father.”
Bruce	is	still	asleep	in	bed,	though	his	noisy	breathing	has	quieted.	His	hair	is	standing	on

end,	 his	 mouth	 hangs	 open,	 and	 even	 from	 so	 far	 away,	 Karen	 can	 smell	 his	 night-after
whiskey	breath.	His	left	hand,	the	one	with	the	wedding	band,	is	resting	on	his	chest,	over
his	 heart.	 Their	 love	 is	 real,	 Karen	 thinks.	 It’s	 strong	 but	 flexible;	 it’s	 unfussy	 and
unvarnished.	It	has	thrived	in	the	modest	house	on	Derhammer	Street,	in	the	front	seat	of
their	Toyota	Corolla,	in	the	routine	of	their	everyday—breakfast,	lunch,	dinner,	bedtime,
repeat,	 repeat,	 repeat.	 It	 has	 endured	 long	 workweeks,	 head	 colds,	 snowfalls	 and	 heat
waves,	meager	pay	raises	and	unexpected	bills;	it	endured	the	deaths	of	Karen’s	parents,
Bruce’s	 brother,	 Bruce’s	 parents,	 and	 the	 smaller	 losses	 of	 Celeste’s	 toads,	 lizards,	 and
snakes	(each	of	which	required	a	burial).	It	endured	through	construction	on	Route	33,	a
schoolteacher	 strike	 when	 Celeste	 was	 in	 fourth	 grade,	 the	 Philadelphia	 Eagles	 losing
season	after	season	after	season	despite	Bruce’s	impassioned	ranting	at	the	TV	(and	finally
winning	it	all	this	past	year	when,	quite	frankly,	both	Bruce	and	Karen	had	stopped	caring
about	football);	it	endured	the	sad	day	the	Easley	family	moved	away	and	took	their	dogs
Black	 Bean	 and	 Red	 Bean,	 who	 at	 the	 time	 were	 Celeste’s	 best	 friends,	 with	 them.	 It
survived	the	Pampered	Chef	parties	thrown	by	women	who	all	secretly	thought	they	were
better	 than	 Karen,	 it	 survived	 Bruce’s	 bizarre	 friendship	 with	 Robin	 Swain,	 and	 it	 will
survive	this	tragic	weekend.
We	 would	 go	 to	 the	 post	 office	 to	 mail	 packages	 or	 check	 our	 box,	 and	 the	 line	 was
always	extra-long	on	Saturdays,	but	you	know	what?	I	didn’t	care.	I	could	wait	an	hour.	I
could	wait	all	day…	because	I	was	with	Karen.
While	 Celeste	 gently	 jostles	 Bruce’s	 shoulder	 to	 wake	 him	 up,	 Karen	 slips	 into	 the
bathroom	 and	 locks	 the	 door	 behind	 her.	 She	 opens	 the	 third	 drawer,	 finds	 the	 bottle	 of
pills,	picks	out	the	three	pearlescent	ovoids,	and	flushes	them	down	the	toilet.
Karen’s	pain	is	gone.	She	feels	stronger	than	she	has	in	weeks,	months	even.	It	makes
no	sense,	and	yet	it	does.
Karen	can’t	go	anywhere	just	yet.	She	needs	to	see	what	will	happen	next.

GREER

She	catches	the	Chief	on	his	way	out	of	Tag’s	study.
“There’s	something	I	think	you	should	know,”	she	says.
The	Chief	barely	seems	to	hear	her.	He’s	looking	at	his	phone.	“If	you’ll	excuse	me,”
he	says.	He	reads	his	screen,	then	says,	“Your	son	Thomas	is…	where?	I’ll	need	to	talk	to
him	next.”
Greer	 can’t	 believe	 he’s	 brushing	 her	 off.	 She	 deliberated	 about	 her	 best	 course	 of
action:	Tell	him	about	the	pills	or	not?	Yes,	she	decided,	for	a	couple	of	reasons.	She	will
tell	him	about	the	pills	and	they	will	finally	be	able	to	put	all	this	to	rest.
“I	 haven’t	 seen	 Thomas,”	 Greer	 says.	 “But	 Chief	 Kapenash,	 sir,	 there’s	 something	 I
must	tell	you.”
The	 Chief	 finally	 seems	 to	 notice	 her.	 They	 are	 standing	 in	 the	 hallway;	 God	 only
knows	who’s	listening.	Tag	is	in	his	study.	He	might	have	his	ear	pressed	up	against	the
door.	 Greer	 wonders	 if	 she	 should	 have	 discussed	 her	 decision	 with	 him	 first.	 He	 has
always	 been	 good	 at	 seeing	 a	 problem	 from	 every	 possible	 angle	 and	 ensuring	 that	 a
strategy	won’t	backfire.	Many	times,	when	Greer	needed	help	with	the	plot	in	one	of	her
mysteries,	 she	 would	 consult	 Tag	 and	 he	 would	 nearly	 always	 come	 up	 with	 a	 creative
answer.	 Those	 were	 some	 of	 Greer’s	 favorite	 moments	 in	 her	 entire	 marriage—lying	 in
bed	with	Tag,	her	head	resting	in	the	crook	of	his	arm	as	she	explained	her	characters	and
their	motivations	while	Tag	asked	provocative	questions.	He	praised	her	imagination;	she
gushed	 over	 his	 insightful	 solutions.	 Character	 development	 required	 a	 humanist	 like
Greer,	 but	 plotting	 often	 benefited	 from	 the	 mind	 of	 a	 mathematician.	 Greer	 had	 felt,	 in
those	instances,	like	part	of	a	team.
Oh,	how	she	hates	him!	For	an	instant,	she	wishes	she’d	married	someone	mediocre,
uninspiring.	Wealthy	and	uninspiring—her	third	cousin	Reggie,	for	example;	posh	accent
and	not	an	original	bone	in	his	body.
“Shall	we	go	into	the	living	room?”	Greer	asks	the	Chief.	She	turns	on	her	heel,	not
waiting	for	an	answer.
The	Chief	follows	her	into	the	living	room	and	Greer	closes	the	door	behind	him.	She
doesn’t	bother	with	sitting.	If	she	sits,	she	thinks,	she	might	lose	her	nerve.
“I	forgot	to	tell	the	detective	something,”	she	says.
The	 Chief’s	 expression	 hardens	 into	 all	 business.	 He’s	 not	 a	 bad-looking	 man,	 Greer
thinks.	 He	 has	 a	 gruffness	 that	 she	 finds	 sort	 of	 appealing,	 nearly	 sexy.	 And	 he’s	 age
appropriate.	This	is	what	Tag	has	done;	now	Greer	has	to	appraise	candidates	for	future

romantic	interludes.	Would	the	Chief	be	interested	in	her?
Never,	she	decides.
The	Greek,	maybe,	Nick,	if	he	were	in	the	mood	for	an	older	woman.	Greer	flushes,
then	she	notices	the	Chief	looking	at	her	expectantly.
“I	didn’t	forget,	exactly,”	Greer	says.	She	wants	to	clarify	this.	“It’s	something	I	only
just	remembered.”
The	Chief	nods	almost	imperceptibly.
“I	went	to	bed	whenever,	midnight	or	so,	but	I	couldn’t	sleep.	I	was	wound	up.”
“Wound	up,”	the	Chief	says.
“Excited	about	the	wedding.	I	wanted	everything	to	go	well,”	Greer	says.	“So,	as	I	told
the	detective,	I	got	up	and	went	to	the	kitchen	to	pour	a	glass	of	champagne.”
“Yes,”	the	Chief	says.
“Well,	what	I	forgot	to	tell	the	detective—meaning	what	I	didn’t	remember	at	all	until
just	a	little	while	ago—is	that	I	brought	my	sleeping	pills	to	the	kitchen.	My	intention	was
to	take	a	pill	with	water	before	I	drank	my	champagne.”
“What	kind	of	pills	were	they?”	the	Chief	asks.
“I’d	 have	 to	 call	 my	 physician	 in	 New	 York	 to	 be	 sure,”	 Greer	 says.	 “They’re	 quite
potent,	 put	 me	 to	 sleep	 instantly	 and	 knock	 me	 out	 for	 eight	 hours	 straight.	 Which	 was
why,	 in	 the	 end,	 I	 decided	 not	 to	 take	 a	 pill.	 I	 needed	 to	 be	 up	 early	 this	 morning.	 So	 I
hoped	the	champagne	would	do	the	trick	by	itself,	and	that	was,	in	fact,	what	happened.
But	when	I	looked	for	the	pills	a	few	moments	ago	in	my	medicine	cabinet,	where	I	keep
them,	 they	 weren’t	 there.	 And	 that’s	 when	 I	 recalled	 bringing	 them	 to	 the	 kitchen.	 I
checked	the	counter	next	to	the	refrigerator	plus	every	shelf,	every	drawer,	every	possible
hiding	place.	I	asked	my	housekeeper,	Elida.	She	hasn’t	seen	them.”
“Were	they	in	a	prescription	bottle?”	the	Chief	asks.	“Were	they	marked?”
“No,”	 Greer	 says.	 “I	 have	 a	 pillbox.	 It’s	 an	 enamel	 box	 with	 a	 painting	 of	 Queen
Elizabeth	on	the	top.”
“So	who	would	have	known	that	the	pills	inside	were	sleeping	pills?”	the	Chief	asks.
“The	sleeping	pills	and	the	pillbox	were	something	of	a	family	joke,”	Greer	says.	“My
husband	obviously	knew.	And	the	children.”
“Would	Ms.	Monaco	have	known	they	were	sleeping	pills?”	the	Chief	says.
Greer	 knows	 she	 can’t	 hesitate	 here,	 even	 for	 a	 second.	 “Oh,	 yes,”	 Greer	 says.	 “I
offered	Merritt	a	sleeping	pill	from	the	box	the	last	time	she	stayed	with	us,	in	May.”	This
answer	wouldn’t	pass	a	polygraph,	she	knows.	The	truth	is	that	Greer	had	offered	Merritt
aspirin	for	the	headache	she	had	after	the	wine	dinner	but	never	a	sleeping	pill.	“So	I	think
we	can	conclude	what	happened.”
“And	what’s	that?”	the	Chief	says.

“Merritt	took	a	sleeping	pill,”	Greer	says.
The	Chief	says	nothing.	It’s	infuriating;	the	man	is	impossible	to	read,	even	for	Greer,
who	 can	 normally	 see	 people’s	 agendas	 and	 prevailing	 emotions	 as	 though	 she	 were
looking	into	a	clear	stream.
“She	 helped	 herself	 to	 my	 pills,”	 Greer	 says.	 “Then	 she	 went	 for	 a	 swim,	 maybe
thinking	she	would	cool	down	before	slipping	into	bed.	And	the	pill	knocked	her	out.	It
was	an	accident.”
The	 Chief	 pulls	 out	 his	 pad	 and	 pencil.	 “Describe	 the	 pillbox	 again,	 please,	 Ms.
Garrison.”
He’s	bought	it,	she	thinks,	and	relief	blows	through	her	like	a	cool	breeze.	“It’s	round,
about	four	centimeters	in	diameter,	cherry	red	with	a	portrait	of	the	queen	on	the	top,”	she
says.	“The	top	is	hinged.	It	flips	open.”
“And	how	many	pills	inside?”	the	Chief	asks.
“I	couldn’t	say	exactly,”	Greer	says.	“Somewhere	between	fifteen	and	twenty-five.”
“The	last	time	you	remember	seeing	the	pillbox,	it	was	in	the	kitchen,”	the	Chief	says.
“There’s	no	chance	you	brought	it	back	to	your	bedroom?”
“No	chance,”	Greer	says.	Her	nerves	return,	multiplied,	quivering.
“So	 you	 know	 there’s	 no	 chance	 you	 brought	 the	 pills	 back	 to	 your	 bedroom,”	 the
Chief	 says,	 “and	 yet	 you	 didn’t	 remember	 bringing	 the	 pills	 into	 the	 kitchen	 when	 you
talked	to	the	detective.	I	guess	I’m	questioning	how	you	can	be	so	certain.”
“I	 keep	 the	 pills	 in	 only	 one	 place,”	 Greer	 says.	 “And	 they	 weren’t	 there.	 If	 I	 had
brought	the	pills	back	to	my	room,	they	would	have	been	where	I	always	keep	them.”
“No	 guarantees	 of	 that,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 He	 clears	 his	 throat.	 “There	 are	 a	 couple	 of
reasons	why	I	don’t	think	Merritt	took	a	pill	of	her	own	volition.”
Of	her	own	volition,	Greer	thinks.	Oh,	dear	God.	They’ll	suspect	Tag	of	drugging	the
girl,	of	course.	Or	they’ll	suspect	Greer	herself.
“But	wait…”	Greer	says.
The	Chief	turns	away.	“Thank	you	for	the	information,”	he	says.	“Now	I’m	going	to
find	your	son	Thomas.”

Tuesday,	July	3–Friday,	July	6,	2018

CELESTE

Tuesday	at	work,	she	makes	a	list	of	things	that	might	take	the	place	of	love.
Security,	financial
Security,	emotional
Apartment
After	 the	 honeymoon,	 Celeste	 is	 moving	 into	 Benji’s	 apartment	 in	 Tribeca.	 Together
they	surveyed	Celeste’s	studio	to	see	what	would	make	the	trip	downtown.	Not	her	futon,
not	her	yard-sale	furniture,	none	of	her	dishes	or	pots	and	pans,	not	her	shower	curtain	or
bathroom	rug,	not	the	pair	of	mason-jar	lamps	filled	with	beans.	When	Celeste	said	that
she	 wanted	 to	 bring	 the	 rainbow	 candles	 her	 mother	 made,	 Benji	 said,	 “Just	 bring	 the
candle	 Abby	 gave	 you	 if	 you	 want	 a	 candle.”	 The	 candle	 he	 was	 referring	 to	 was	 a	 Jo
Malone	 pine-and-eucalyptus	 luxury	 candle	 that	 Abby	 gave	 Celeste	 as	 an	 engagement
present.	Celeste	does	love	the	way	it	smells	but	once	she	found	out	how	much	it	cost,	she
knew	she	could	never,	ever	light	it.
Celeste	 immediately	 decided	 she	 would	 bring	 her	 mother’s	 candles	 despite	 Benji’s
obvious	opinion	that	they	weren’t	as	good	as	a	department-store	candle.	Celeste	would	set
them	on	the	mantel!
Benji	told	Celeste	that	he	contacted	a	real	estate	agent	at	Sotheby’s	who	is	searching
for	 a	 brownstone	 on	 East	 Seventy-Eighth	 Street,	 specifically	 on	 the	 block	 between	 Park
and	 Lexington.	 Celeste	 tries	 to	 imagine	 herself	 living	 on	 that	 block,	 owning	 a	 home	 on
that	block.	Would	that	be	as	good	as	love?
Shooter	has	the	condo	in	Hell’s	Kitchen.	The	condo	has	nothing	in	it	but	a	mattress	and
a	TV,	Benji	has	told	her.	Shooter	is	never	there.
Family
Tag,	Greer,	Thomas,	Abby,	Abby’s	future	baby,	assorted	aunts,	uncles,	and	cousins	in
England.
Shooter	has	even	less	family	than	Celeste.	Shooter	has	no	one.
Nantucket
This	 is,	 perhaps,	 the	 strongest	 competition	 for	 love.	 Because	 Celeste	 has	 never	 felt
about	a	place	the	way	she	feels	about	Nantucket.	She	tries	to	ignore	that	her	most	romantic
storybook	 times	 there	 have	 been	 with	 Shooter.	 She	 could	 easily	 go	 to	 the	 Chicken	 Box
with	Benji;	she	could	take	Benji	out	to	Smith’s	Point	and	show	him	the	natural	water	slide.
On	Nantucket,	she	will	always	have	a	beach	to	walk	on,	a	path	to	run,	a	farm	to	provide

heirloom	tomatoes	and	corn	on	the	cob,	a	boat	to	putter	around	the	harbor	in,	cobblestoned
streets	to	stroll	in	the	evenings.	Celeste	yearns	to	experience	Nantucket	at	every	time	of
year.	She	wants	to	go	to	the	Daffodil	Festival	in	the	spring,	wear	a	yellow	sweater,	make	a
picnic	 of	 cold	 roast	 chicken	 and	 deviled	 eggs	 and	 asparagus	 salad,	 and	 cheer	 as	 the
antique-car	parade	passes	by.	She	wants	to	go	in	the	fall	when	the	leaves	change	and	the
cranberries	are	harvested	and	the	high-school	football	team	is	playing	at	home.	She	wants
to	go	at	Thanksgiving,	swim	in	the	Turkey	Plunge,	watch	the	tree-lighting	on	Friday	night,
eat	scallops	just	harvested	from	the	sound.	She	wants	to	go	in	the	dead	of	winter	during	a
blizzard	when	Main	Street	is	blanketed	with	snow	and	not	a	soul	is	stirring.
Shooter	won’t	be	able	to	give	her	Nantucket	the	way	that	Benji	can.
Celeste	can’t	come	up	with	anything	else,	so	she	rolls	back	up	to	Security,	financial.
Celeste	will	have	health	insurance.	Celeste	will	be	able	to	shop	for	groceries	at	Zabar’s,
Fairway,	Dean	and	DeLuca.	She	will	be	able	to	buy	expensive	salads,	bouquets	of	fresh
flowers—every	 day	 if	 she	 wants!	 Orchids	 if	 she	 wants!—boxes	 of	 macarons,	 bottles	 of
Veuve	Clicquot,	cases	of	Veuve	Clicquot!	She	will	be	able	to	buy	hardcover	books	the	day
they	 come	 out	 and	 get	 orchestra	 seats	 for	 the	 theater.	 They’ll	 be	 able	 to	 take	 trips—to
London,	 certainly,	 but	 also	 to	 Paris,	 Rome,	 Shanghai,	 Sydney.	 They’ll	 be	 able	 to	 go	 on
safari	in	Africa,	maybe	even	hike	to	see	the	silverback	gorillas	in	Uganda,	a	dream	so	farfetched	 that	 Celeste	 has	 put	 it	 in	 the	 same	 category	 as	 space	 travel.	 She	 will	 shop	 with
Merritt	 at	 Opening	 Ceremony,	 at	 Topshop,	 at	 Intermix.	 She’ll	 try	 things	 on	 without
checking	the	price	tag.	It’s	inconceivable.	It	doesn’t	seem	real.
How	will	it	work?	 Celeste	 asked	 Benji.	 M-M-Money,	 I	 m-m-mean.	 Once	 we’re	 m-mmarried?
I’ll	 put	 your	 name	 on	 my	 accounts,	 Benji	 said.	 We’ll	 get	 you	 an	 ATM	 card,	 a
checkbook.	 Once	 I	 turn	 thirty-five,	 I’ll	 have	 access	 to	 the	 trust	 from	 my	 Garrison
grandparents,	so	there	will	be	that	money	as	well.
Celeste	has	wondered	since	then	how	much	money	is	in	the	Garrison	trust.	A	million
dollars?	Five	million?	Twenty	million?	What	is	the	amount	that	takes	the	place	of	love?
What	about	m-my	salary?	Celeste	had	asked.
Keep	it	for	yourself,	Benji	said.
Celeste	 earns	 sixty-two	 thousand	 dollars	 a	 year,	 but	 Benji	 makes	 that	 sound	 like	 a
quarter	she	found	on	the	sidewalk.	She	supposes	that,	to	him,	it	is.
Celeste’s	 assistant,	 Bethany,	 walks	 into	 her	 office	 without	 knocking	 and	 Celeste
scrambles	to	hide	the	list.	What	would	Bethany	think	if	she	saw	it?	What	kind	of	woman
has	to	make	a	list	of	reasons	she’s	happy	to	be	marrying	Benjamin	Winbury?
“Celeste?”	 Bethany	 says.	 Her	 expression	 is	 uneasy,	 as	 though	 she	 suspects	 she
interrupted	something.
“Mmm?”	Celeste	says.
“Zed	wants	to	see	you	in	the	conference	room,”	Bethany	says.

“Conference	 room?”	 Celeste	 says.	 She	 was	 supposed	 to	 meet	 with	 Zed	 in	 his	 office
because	 tomorrow	 starts	 a	 two-and-a-half-week	 vacation	 that	 includes	 her	 wedding	 and
honeymoon	and	she	needs	to	delegate	the	work	on	her	desk.
Bethany	shrugs.	“That’s	what	he	said.”
The	 door	 to	 the	 conference	 room	 is	 closed	 and	 when	 Celeste	 swings	 the	 door	 open	 she
sees	a	dozen	golden	balloons	and,	in	the	center	of	the	table,	a	round	bakery	cake	ringed
with	icing	flowers	and	the	words	Congrats,	Celeste!	 A	 cheer	 goes	 up	 and	 Celeste	 looks
around	 at	 her	 zoo	 colleagues:	 Donner,	 Karsang,	 Darius,	 Mawabe,	 Vern,	 even	 Blair	 from
reptiles.
Celeste	tears	up.	A	shower!	Her	co-workers	have	thrown	her	a	bridal	shower,	complete
with	balloons,	cake,	a	few	bags	of	chips,	and	a	wrapped	present.	Celeste	can’t	believe	it.
This	isn’t	that	 kind	 of	 office	 and	 these	 aren’t	 those	 kind	 of	 co-workers.	 They	 obviously
know	Celeste	is	getting	married,	and	she	knows	that	Blair	feels	her	long-ago	migraine	was
responsible	for	Celeste	and	Benji	meeting	in	the	first	place.	Three	of	Celeste’s	co-workers
are	actually	making	the	trip	to	Nantucket—Bethany,	Mawabe,	and	Vern—but	because	it’s
the	Fourth	of	July	week,	all	of	the	reasonably	priced	hotels	were	sold	out,	so	the	three	of
them	 are	 arriving	 Saturday	 at	 noon	 and	 leaving	 on	 the	 nine-thirty	 fast	 boat.	 Celeste	 is
touched	that	the	three	of	them	are	making	the	trip—to	drive	from	the	city	and	take	the	boat
requires	more	effort	than	she	thought	they’d	make—but	Celeste	is	also	a	bit	nervous	about
their	arrival.	Benji	exacerbated	Celeste’s	concern	when	he	said,	“I	can’t	imagine	Mawabe
and	Vern	in	the	same	room	as	my	mother.”
Although	 Benji’s	 sentiment	 echoed	 Celeste’s	 own	 feelings,	 she	 took	 umbrage.	 “Why
not?”	she	said.	“It	would	be	g-g-good	for	your	mother	to	realize	people	like	Mawabe	exist.
I’m	just	sorry	B-B-Blair	isn’t	coming.”	She	paused.	“B-B-Bethany	is	normal.	Sort	of.”
“Sort	of,”	Benji	conceded.
Now,	Bethany	comes	forward	holding	out	the	gift.	Celeste	assumes	Bethany	selected
the	gift	and	everyone	else	chipped	in,	but	some	people—like	Darius—probably	have	yet
to	pay	their	share.
“What	c-c-could	it	be?”	Celeste	asks.	She	unwraps	the	box	and	lifts	off	the	top	to	find	a
simple	white	apron	with	Mrs.	Winbury	embroidered	in	black	on	the	front.
Mrs.	Winbury.	Celeste’s	heart	sinks.
“I	love	it,”	she	says.
Her	 stutter	 is	 so	 debilitating	 and	 so	 unpredictable	 that	 she	 and	 Benji	 have	 had	 to	 tailor
their	wedding	vows	with	Reverend	Derby	so	that	all	Celeste	has	to	say	is	“I	do.”
But	even	those	two	words	present	a	challenge.
It’s	Wednesday,	the	Fourth	of	July.	Benji	and	Shooter,	Thomas	and	Abby,	and	Tag	and
Greer	are	already	up	on	Nantucket.	But	Celeste	had	to	work	through	Tuesday,	and	Merritt
has	a	can’t-miss	fireworks	party	tonight.	Celeste’s	parents	aren’t	due	to	arrive	until	Friday.
Celeste	decides	she	will	fly	to	Boston	with	Merritt	on	Thursday	morning	and	then	Uber	to

the	Cape	and	take	the	fast	ferry	across	to	Nantucket.
Celeste	calls	Merritt	at	three	o’clock	on	Wednesday	afternoon.	“I	c-c-can’t	do	it,”	she
says.
“What?”	Merritt	says.	“What	do	you	mean?”
What	does	 she	 mean?	 She	 means	 she	 can’t	 marry	 Benji.	 She	 knows	 she’s	 making	 a
mistake.	She’s	in	love	with	Shooter.	It’s	a	physical	condition,	an	affliction.	It	is,	as	Merritt
said,	in	her	blood.	Celeste	feels	like	she’s	standing	on	a	cliff.	If	Shooter	were	here	right
now	by	her	side,	willing	to	hold	her	hand	and	never	let	go,	she	would	jump.
But	he’s	not.	He’s	on	Nantucket,	executing	the	best-man	duties	with	his	usual	flair.
“I	c-c-can’t	say	my	vows,”	Celeste	says.	“I	st-st-st…”	She	can’t	force	it	out.	Stutter	is,
ironically,	the	hardest	word.
“I’ll	be	right	there,”	Merritt	says.
Merritt	 stands	 before	 Celeste	 and	 says,	 “Do	 you,	 Celeste	 Marie	 Otis,	 take	 Benjamin
Garrison	Winbury	to	be	your	lawfully	wedded	husband?	To	have	and	to	hold,	to	bug	and
to	pester,	to	scream	at	and	screw,	until	death	do	you	part?”
Celeste	smiles.
“Say	it,”	Merritt	says.
“I	d-d-do,”	Celeste	says.	She	winces.
“Pretend	 it’s	 a	 different	 word,”	 Merritt	 says.	 “Pretend	 it’s	 dew	 like	 on	 a	 leaf	 in	 the
morning	or	due	like	your	rent.	I	think	you’re	just	psyching	yourself	out.”
Dew,	like	on	a	leaf	in	the	morning,	Celeste	thinks.
“I	dew,”	she	says.
The	corners	of	Merritt’s	mouth	lift.
“Again,”	she	says.
“I	d-d-do,”	Celeste	says.	“I	mean,	I	dew.”
“Just	like	that,”	Merritt	says.	She	glances	at	her	phone.	“I	have	to	go.	We’ll	practice
more	tomorrow.	And	Friday.”
“Okay,”	Celeste	says.	“Merritt—”
Merritt	 holds	 up	 a	 hand.	 “You	 don’t	 have	 to	 thank	 me,”	 she	 says.	 “You’re	 my	 best
friend.	I’m	your	maid	of	honor.”
“No,”	Celeste	says.	“I	mean,	yes,	thank	you.	B-B-But	what	I	want	to	know	is,	d-d-did
you	end	things	with	Tag?”
“No,”	Merritt	says.	“He	ended	things	with	me.”
Once	 Celeste	 is	 on	 Nantucket,	 she	 becomes	 a	 marionette	 operated	 by	 Greer	 and	 Roger
Pelton,	the	wedding	planner.	Roger	is	like	a	kind	and	supremely	capable	uncle.	He	goes

over	the	three-day	schedule	with	Celeste—where	she	needs	to	be,	what	she	needs	to	do,
what	she	will	be	wearing;	the	outfits	are	lined	up	in	the	closet.	Thursday	afternoon,	Greer
has	scheduled	Celeste	for	a	massage,	a	mani-pedi,	and	an	eyelash	extension.
“Eyelash	extension?”	Celeste	says.	“Is	that	n-n-necessary?”
“No,”	Roger	says.	“I’ll	call	R.	J.	Miller	and	cancel	that	part	of	the	appointment.”
“Thank	you,”	Celeste	says.
“The	most	important	part	of	my	job,”	Roger	says,	“is	protecting	my	brides	from	their
mothers	and	mothers-in-law.”
Celeste	 loves	 how	 Roger	 refers	 to	 her	 as	 “my	 bride.”	 She	 pretends	 she’s	 marrying
Roger,	and	this	lightens	her	mood.	Temporarily.
Celeste	keeps	one	eye	trained	on	Shooter	at	all	times,	like	she’s	a	spy	or	a	sniper.	Their
gazes	 meet	 and	 lock,	 and	 Celeste	 dissolves	 inside.	 He’s	 trying	 to	 tell	 her	 something
without	 speaking—but	 what?	 Celeste	 craves	 the	 looks,	 even	 though	 they’re	 ruining	 her.
When	Shooter	isn’t	looking	at	her,	when	he’s	joking	with	Merritt	or	Abby	or	Greer,	she
feels	sickeningly	jealous.
Celeste’s	parents	arrive.	Celeste	worries	that,	like	Benji,	the	Winburys	will	think	Karen
and	Bruce	are	“the	salt	of	the	earth”	and	will	patronize	them,	possibly	without	their	even
realizing	it.
But	Greer	is	fine	with	Celeste’s	parents,	and	Tag	is	better	than	fine.	Celeste	wants	to
hold	a	grudge	against	Tag,	but	he	is	so	gracious	and	charming	with	her	parents	that	she
can	 feel	 only	 gratitude	 toward	 him.	 She’ll	 confront	 her	 anger	 and	 disappointment	 later,
after	the	wedding.
The	 rehearsal	 dinner	 unfolds	 exactly	 as	 it	 should.	 Other	 people	 are	 drinking	 the
blackberry	mojito	punch.	Celeste	has	one	sip	of	Benji’s	and	decides	to	stick	to	white	wine.
She	 doesn’t	 have	 time	 to	 keep	 track	 of	 Shooter;	 she’s	 too	 busy	 meeting	 this	 person	 and
that	 person:	 a	 friend	 of	 Tag	 and	 Greer’s	 from	 London	 named	 Featherleigh,	 a	 business
associate	of	Tag’s	named	Peter	Walls,	neighbors	from	London,	neighbors	from	New	York,
Benji’s	 lacrosse	 coach	 from	 St.	 George’s,	 and	 the	 four	 Alexanders—blond	 and	 preppy
Alexander,	Asian	Alexander,	Jewish	Alexander,	who	is	engaged	to	a	black	woman	named
Mimi	who	is	a	Broadway	dancer,	and	the	Alexander	known	as	Zander,	who	is	married	to	a
man	named	Kermit.
Celeste	feared	her	parents	would	be	shy	and	overwhelmed	but	they	are	holding	their
own	 and	 Betty	 looks	 better	 than	 Celeste	 anticipated.	 She	 walks	 with	 a	 cane	 and	 Celeste
knows	she’s	on	a	mighty	dose	of	painkillers,	but	she	appears	happy,	nearly	radiant.	She	is
far	happier	about	this	wedding	than	Celeste	is.
Celeste	makes	a	deal	with	God:	I	will	go	through	with	this	if	You	just	please	keep	my
mother	alive.
There	are	passed	hors	d’oeuvres,	each	one	more	creative	and	delicious-looking	than	the
next,	although	Celeste	is	far	too	anxious	to	eat.	She	sips	her	wine	but	it	has	little	effect.

Her	 body	 is	 numb.	 The	 only	 thing	 that	 matters	 is	 Shooter.	 Where	 is	 Shooter?	 She	 can’t
find	him.	Then	he	will	appear,	brushing	past	her	elbow;	even	the	slightest	touch	lights	her
up.	She	has	thought	back	on	the	kissing	in	her	apartment	only	a	few	thousand	times	since
it	happened.	How	did	she	have	the	willpower	to	refuse	him?	She	is	in	awe	of	herself.
Her	 father	 stands	 to	 give	 a	 toast.	 It’s	 about	 Betty	 first,	 and	 Celeste’s	 eyes	 well	 with
tears.	Then	it’s	about	Celeste	and	Bruce	says,	And	so	to	you,	Benjamin	Winbury,	I	say	from
the	 heart:	 Take	 care	 of	 our	 little	 girl.	 She	 is	 our	 treasure,	 our	 hope,	 our	 light,	 and	 our
warmth.	She	is	our	legacy.	Here’s	to	the	two	of	you	and	your	life	together.	And	everyone
clinks	glasses	and	drinks.
Thomas	 stands	 to	 speak	 next,	 and	 Celeste	 leans	 over	 to	 Benji	 and	 says,	 “I	 thought
Shooter	was	giving	the	toast.”
“He	didn’t	want	to,”	Benji	says.
“What?”	Celeste	says.
“He	told	me	he	didn’t	want	to	speak	tonight,”	Benji	says.	“He’ll	give	a	toast	tomorrow,
after	we’re	married.”
Tomorrow,	Celeste	thinks.	After	we’re	married.
Celeste	 doesn’t	 want	 to	 go	 out;	 she	 has	 done	 enough	 pretending	 for	 one	 night.	 She
wants	 to	 go	 to	 bed.	 Honestly,	 she	 would	 like	 to	 sleep	 as	 she	 did	 when	 she	 was	 a	 child:
right	between	Mac	and	Betty.
Her	 mother	 senses	 something	 is	 wrong.	 Celeste	 can	 tell	 by	 the	 emphatic	 way	 Betty
insists	that	Celeste	go	out	to	be	with	her	friends,	be	with	Benji.
I’ll	 be	 with	 Benji	 the	 rest	 of	 my	 life!	 Celeste	 thinks.	 Her	 time	 with	 her	 mother	 is
dwindling;	 the	 sand	 is	 running	 through	 the	 hourglass	 more	 quickly	 now,	 at	 the	 end.	 But
Celeste	knows	her	mother	will	be	happier	if	she	goes	out.
Besides,	 Shooter	 is	 going.	 And	 Merritt—Celeste	 needs	 to	 keep	 an	 eye	 on	 Merritt.
However,	when	they	are	all	piling	into	cars,	Merritt	is	missing.
“Wait	a	minute,”	Celeste	says.	She	climbs	out	of	the	Winburys’	Land	Rover	and	runs
across	 the	 driveway	 to	 the	 second	 cottage.	 She	 pokes	 her	 head	 in	 but	 the	 lights	 are	 off;
Merritt	isn’t	there.
“Celeste,”	Benji	says.	“Come	on!”
“I	have	to	find	Merritt,”	she	says.	She	tries	to	remember	the	last	time	she	saw	Merritt.
It	 was	 during	 the	 dinner,	 obviously,	 but	 Celeste	 had	 to	 meet	 and	 mingle	 with	 so	 many
people	that	she	didn’t	get	to	spend	any	time	with	her	one	true	friend.	And	Merritt	didn’t
give	a	toast,	even	though	she’d	intimated	that	she	might.	Please,	Celeste	thinks,	don’t	let
her	 be	 with	 Tag.	 But	 that	 has	 to	 be	 it.	 Where	 else	 could	 she	 be?	 She	 is	 always	 the	 one
leading	the	charge	when	it	comes	to	continuing	the	fun.
Celeste	 tears	 through	 the	 house	 checking	 each	 room—the	 kitchen,	 the	 formal	 dining
room,	the	casual	dining	room,	the	powder	room,	even	the	glowing	cube	that	is	the	wine

cellar.	She	goes	down	the	hall	and	checks	the	alcove	outside	Greer	and	Tag’s	room	but	she
doesn’t	have	the	courage	to	knock	on	their	bedroom	door	or	on	the	door	to	Tag’s	study.
She	scurries	down	to	poke	her	head	into	the	white	living	room,	even	though	she	has	never
once	set	foot	in	there.	She	sees	a	figure	in	one	of	the	chairs	and	she’s	so	startled,	she	cries
out.
“It’s	just	me,”	someone	with	a	British	accent	says.	It’s	that	Featherleigh	woman.	“Are
you	looking	for	someone?”
“My	friend	Merritt?”	Celeste	says.	“Maid	of	honor?	Black	dress?”
“If	you	bring	me	a	bottle	of	whiskey,	I’ll	tell	you	where	she	is.”
“Excuse	me?”	Celeste	says.	She	has	been	told	that	Featherleigh	is	an	old	friend	of	the
family	 but	 Celeste	 can’t	 imagine	 Greer	 abiding	 this	 kind	 of	 rudeness.	 “Have	 you	 seen
Merritt?	I’m	sorry,	I	need	to	find	her.”
“I’m	 the	 one	 who’s	 sorry,	 love,”	 Featherleigh	 says.	 “I	 noticed	 her	 earlier,	 quite	 an
attractive	girl,	but	I	haven’t	seen	her	in	hours.”
“Okay,	 thank	 you,”	 Celeste	 says,	 hoping	 she	 doesn’t	 now	 seem	 rude	 by	 rushing	 out.
What	is	Featherleigh	doing	in	the	living	room,	anyway?	Certainly	Greer	didn’t	offer	to	let
her	sleep	there?
Celeste	sails	through	the	laundry	room	and	out	the	side	door,	hurrying	toward	the	pool
house.	She	hears	coughing	and	can	just	barely	make	out	the	shadow	of	a	figure	bent	over
in	the	rose	garden.	It’s	Merritt.
“Merritt!”	Celeste	says.	She	crosses	the	arched	footbridge	over	the	koi	pond	into	the
rose	garden.	Merritt	is	spitting	into	the	grass.	“Are	you	sick?”
Merritt	 straightens	 up	 and	 wipes	 her	 mouth.	 There	 are	 tears	 running	 down	 her	 face.
“The	oysters	aren’t	agreeing	with	me.”
Celeste	reaches	out	to	embrace	her	friend.	“You	poor	thing,”	she	says.	“Let	me	walk
you	back	to	your	cottage.	I’m	going	to	tell	the	rest	of	them	to	go	to	town	without	me.	I
didn’t	want	to	go	anyway.”
“No,”	Merritt	says.	“No,	you	go,	please,	or	I’ll	feel	guilty.	I	just	need	some	air.”	She
tries	to	smile	at	Celeste	but	then	she	starts	crying	again.	“Only	I	could	mess	up	a	gorgeous
night	like	this.”
“Stop	it,”	Celeste	says.	“Weddings	are	stressful.”
“Especially	 this	 one,”	 Merritt	 says.	 She	 holds	 out	 her	 left	 hand.	 “You	 see	 this	 ring?”
Merritt	points	to	a	silver	band	on	her	thumb.	“He	gave	me	this	for	my	birthday.”
“Tag	did?”	Celeste	whispers.	She	takes	hold	of	Merritt’s	hand	and	studies	the	ring.	It’s
set	 with	 tiny	 multicolored	 stones.	 It’s	 very	 pretty,	 but	 Merritt	 has	 a	 lot	 of	 cool	 jewelry,
some	of	it	given	to	her	for	free	by	various	fashion	labels.
“It’s	a	ring,”	Merritt	says.	“He	could	have	given	me	anything	for	my	birthday—a	book,
a	scarf,	a	bracelet.	But	he	gave	me	a	ring.”

“Yes,	 well.”	 Celeste	 is	 pretty	 sure	 Tag	 meant	 the	 ring	 to	 be	 a	 token	 of	 his	 fondness,
nothing	more,	but	he	might	have	chosen	something	a	little	less	emotionally	charged.	Just
then,	Celeste	hears	the	Land	Rover’s	horn	and	she	knows	Benji	is	losing	patience;	she	has
been	gone	much	longer	than	she	intended.	“I	love	you.	You	know	that,	right?	And	when
you	leave	here	Sunday,	you	never	have	to	see	Tag	Winbury	again.	I	promise	I	won’t	make
you	attend	any	family	functions.”
“I	 wish	 it	 were	 that	 easy,”	 Merritt	 says.	 She	 takes	 an	 exaggerated	 breath.	 “There’s
something	I	have	to	tell	you.”
The	car	horn	sounds	again.	Celeste	feels	annoyed	at	Benji’s	impatience,	but	she	knows
he	has	a	caravan	of	people	waiting	on	her.	“I	have	to	scoot,”	she	says.	“Come	with	us.”
“I	can’t,”	Merritt	says.	“I	don’t	feel	well.	I’m	just	going	to	hang	around	here,	maybe	go
to	bed.”
“Before	 midnight?”	 Celeste	 says.	 “That	 would	 be	 a	 first.”	 She	 gives	 Merritt	 another
hug.	“Tomorrow	we’ll	find	time	to	talk,	I	promise.	I	don’t	care	if	a	church	full	of	people
have	to	wait.”
Merritt	gives	a	small	laugh.	“Okay.”
They	are	a	party	of	twelve,	and	town	is	crowded	with	holiday	revelers.	There’s	a	line	to
get	into	the	Boarding	House;	the	Pearl	is	at	maximum	capacity,	as	is	Nautilus.	The	Club
Car	 piano	 bar	 is	 an	 option,	 but	 Thomas	 announces	 that	 one	 ends	 at	 the	 Club	 Car;	 one
never	 starts	 there.	 Asian	 Alexander’s	 wife	 is	 wearing	 stilettos	 and	 doesn’t	 want	 to	 risk
walking	down	to	Straight	Wharf	or	Cru.
Celeste	looks	to	Benji,	waiting	for	him	to	make	an	executive	decision.	As	it	is,	they	are
spilling	off	the	corner	of	India	and	Federal	into	the	street.
“Let’s	go	to	the	back	bar	at	Ventuno,”	he	says.
Everyone	agrees.	It’s	nearby,	it’s	open-air;	they’ll	go	for	one	drink,	then	reassess.
Somehow	Celeste	gets	sifted	to	the	back	of	the	group,	probably	because	she’s	literally
dragging	her	feet.	She	doesn’t	see	 the	 point	 of	 yet	 another	 drink.	 If	 anything,	 she	 needs
food.	 She	 was	 so	 busy	 worrying	 about	 Mac	 and	 Betty	 and	 getting	 them	 set	 with	 their
lobsters	that	she	hadn’t	eaten	anything.
“I’m	starving,”	she	says	to	herself.
“You	and	me	both.”
Celeste	turns	to	see	Shooter	at	her	right	shoulder.
She	looks	for	Benji.	He’s	up	front,	talking	to	Mimi	the	Broadway	dancer.
“He’s	occupied,”	Shooter	says.	“Let’s	go	get	pizza.”	He	grabs	her	hand.
“I	can’t,”	Celeste	says.	She’s	afraid	to	look	at	him,	so	she	stares	down	at	her	feet	in	her
jeweled	sandals.	Her	toes	are	painted	a	color	called	Sunshine	State	of	Mind	to	match	her
dress	tonight.	She	does	leave	her	hand	in	his,	however,	for	a	few	forbidden	seconds.

“We’ll	 come	 right	 back,”	 Shooter	 says.	 He	 whistles	 sharply,	 and	 Benji	 spins	 around.
“I’m	taking	your	bride	to	get	a	slice.	Back	in	ten.”
Benji	 waves,	 then	 turns	 again	 to	 Mimi—and	 Kermit,	 who	 has	 joined	 their
conversation.
He	couldn’t	care	less.
“Okay,”	Celeste	says.	“Let’s	go.”
There’s	a	line	outside	Steamboat	Pizza	and	a	steady	stream	of	cars	unloading	from	the	late
ferry.	Celeste	feels	weirdly	exposed	and	she	distances	herself	half	a	step	from	Shooter.	She
has	 dreamed	 of	 being	 alone	 with	 him	 but	 now	 that	 it’s	 happening,	 she’s	 tongue-tied.
Across	 the	 street	 she	 sees	 a	 woman	 with	 long	 jet-black	 hair	 wearing	 suede	 booties	 with
shorts—suede	 booties	 in	 July;	 even	 Celeste	 recognizes	 that	 as	 a	 no-no—and	 the	 woman
looks	like	she’s	pointing	her	phone	at	Celeste	and	Shooter.	Taking	a	picture?	Celeste	turns
her	back.	She	wants	to	make	a	joke	about	the	care	and	feeding	of	the	bride	but	she	can’t
manage	small	talk	and,	apparently,	neither	can	Shooter.
“Follow	me,”	he	says.
He	gets	out	of	line,	which	is	fine—Celeste	wouldn’t	have	been	able	to	eat	anything	in
front	of	him	anyway—and	starts	walking	down	the	street	toward	the	ferry	dock.	Celeste
follows,	 bobbing	 and	 weaving,	 skirting	 groups	 of	 teenagers,	 dodging	 couples	 with
strollers,	stopping	short	so	an	elderly	couple	can	pass.
She	doesn’t	ask	Shooter	where	they’re	going.	She	doesn’t	care.	She	would	follow	him
anywhere.
They	 cross	 the	 Steamship	 Authority	 parking	 lot,	 Shooter	 striding	 ahead,	 and	 then	 he
cuts	to	the	right	of	the	terminal	building	and	turns	to	check	that	she’s	behind	him.	He	waits
for	her,	places	a	hand	on	her	back,	and	ushers	her	to	a	bench	at	the	edge	of	the	dock.	The
view	 is	 over	 the	 working	 part	 of	 the	 harbor.	 It’s	 not	 glamorous,	 but	 it’s	 still	 pretty.
Everything	on	Nantucket	is	pretty.
They	 sit	 side	 by	 side,	 their	 thighs	 touching,	 and	 then	 Shooter	 wraps	 his	 arm	 around
Celeste’s	shoulders.	She	suddenly	feels	the	effect	of	the	wine	she	drank	earlier.	She	acts
impulsively;	she	doesn’t	care	who	sees.	She	buries	her	face	in	Shooter’s	chest	and	inhales
the	scent	of	him.	He	is	all	she	wants.
“Run	away	with	me,”	he	says.
She	takes	a	breath	to	say,	Yeah,	right—but	he	stops	her.
“I’m	 serious,	 Celeste.	 I’m	 in	 love	 with	 you.	 I	 know	 it’s	 wrong,	 I	 know	 it’s	 unfair,	 I
know	 all	 of	 our	 friends	 will	 hate	 us,	 especially	 my	 own	 best	 friend—hell,	 my	 brother,
because	Benji	is	by	every	standard	my	brother.	I	don’t	care.	I	do	care,	but	I	care	about	you
more.	 I	 have	 never	 felt	 this	 way	 about	 anyone	 before.	 My	 feelings	 for	 you	 are	 tragic;
they’re	 Shakespearean—I’m	 not	 sure	 which	 play,	 some	 combination	 of	 Hamlet	 and
Romeo	and	Juliet,	I	think.	I	want	you	to	sneak	out	of	the	house	and	meet	me	here,	right
here,	at	six	fifteen	tomorrow	morning.	I’ll	have	two	tickets	on	the	six-thirty	ferry.	The	boat

gets	to	Hyannis	at	eight	thirty,	which	is	also	our	scheduled	reveille	tomorrow,	so	by	the
time	people	realize	we’re	both	gone,	we’ll	be	safely	on	the	mainland.”
Celeste	 nods	 against	 his	 chest.	 She’s	 not	 agreeing,	 but	 she	 wants	 to	 hear	 more;	 she
wants	 to	 imagine	 this	 escape.	 The	 anxiety	 that	 has	 been	 squeezing	 her	 heart	 loosens	 its
grip.	She	gets	a	clear	breath.
“You	can	say	no.	I	expect	you	to	say	no.	And	if	you	do	say	no,	I’ll	show	up	at	the	altar
tomorrow	right	next	to	Benji	like	I	promised.	I	will	give	a	sweet,	meaningful	toast	with	the
appropriate	amount	of	humor	and	at	least	one	line	about	how	Benji	doesn’t	deserve	you.	I
will	ask	for	one	dance	with	you	and	when	that	dance	is	over,	I’ll	give	you	a	peck	on	the
cheek	and	let	you	get	on	with	the	rest	of	your	life.	With	him.”
Celeste	exhales.
“If	you	come	with	me,	I	will	buy	four	tickets	to	Las	Vegas—one	for	me,	one	for	you,
two	for	your	parents.	And	I	will	marry	you	by	the	end	of	the	day	tomorrow.	Or	we	can
move	more	slowly.	But	I	need	you	to	know	that	I	am	serious.	I’m	in	love	with	you.	If	you
don’t	feel	the	same	way,	I	will	still	go	to	my	grave	feeling	grateful	for	every	second	I	have
had	 with	 you.	 If	 nothing	 else,	 you	 proved	 that	 the	 heart	 of	 Michael	 Oscar	 Uxley	 is	 not
made	of	stone.”
Michael	Oscar	Uxley,	she	thinks.	She	realizes	with	shock	that	she	has	never	asked	his
real	name.
“Yes,”	she	says.
“What?”
She	 raises	 her	 face.	 She	 looks	 into	 Shooter’s	 blue	 eyes…	 but	 what	 she	 sees	 is	 her
parents	in	profile	from	the	backseat	of	their	old	Toyota.	They	are	turned	toward	each	other,
singing	 along	 to	 “Paradise	 by	 the	 Dashboard	 Light.”	 Do	 you	 love	 me,	 will	 you	 love	 me
forever?	Celeste	is	eleven	years	old,	she	knows	all	the	words	too,	but	she	doesn’t	dare	sing
because	the	two	of	them	sound	so…	good	together.
Then	she	flashes	back	to	before	they	were	Mac	and	Betty	to	her,	before	they	were	even
Mommy	and	Daddy,	back	to	when	they	were	just	ideas:	love,	security,	warmth.
Celeste	 is	 young,	 only	 one	 or	 two	 years	 old.	 They	 are	 playing	 a	 game	 called	 Flying
Baby.	Bruce	has	Celeste	by	one	hand	and	Karen	has	her	by	the	other.	They	swing	Celeste
between	them	until	Bruce	calls	out,	“Flying,”	and	Karen	calls	out,	“Baby!”	And	they	lift
Celeste	 up	 off	 the	 ground.	 For	 one	 delicious	 moment,	 she	 is	 suspended	 in	 midair,
weightless.
Finally,	 she	 thinks	 of	 her	 parents	 as	 teenagers—her	 mother	 in	 her	 red	 tank	 suit,	 her
father	in	his	sweatpants	and	hoodie	staring	at	the	orange.	The	moment	their	eyes	meet,	the
moment	their	hands	touch.	That	certainty.	That	recognition.	You.	You	are	the	one.
This	is	what	it	feels	like.
Nothing,	as	it	turns	out,	can	take	the	place	of	love.

“Yes,”	she	says.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	5:45	p.m.

THE	CHIEF

He	finds	Thomas	in	the	kitchen,	scarfing	down	a	turkey	sandwich.	Next	to	the	sandwich
plate	is	a	highball	glass	of	scotch,	three-quarters	full.
“Mr.	Winbury?”	the	Chief	says.
“Thomas,”	he	says,	wiping	his	hands	hastily	on	a	napkin	and	then	extending	one	to	the
Chief.	“Mr.	Winbury	is	my	father.”
“I	have	a	few	questions,”	the	Chief	says.
“You’ve	talked	to	just	about	everyone	else,”	Thomas	says.	“I	don’t	know	that	I’d	have
much	to	add.”
“Please,”	the	Chief	says.	He’s	too	low	on	patience	to	deal	with	the	runaround.	“Follow
me.”	 He	 heads	 down	 the	 hall	 and	 around	 the	 corner	 to	 the	 living	 room.	 Thomas	 has
abandoned	the	sandwich	but	brought	the	scotch,	and	the	Chief	can’t	blame	him.	Thomas
takes	a	seat	on	the	sofa,	crosses	his	ankle	over	his	knee,	and	sinks	back	into	the	cushions
like	a	man	without	a	care	in	the	world,	and	the	Chief	closes	the	door.
“Events	of	last	night?”	the	Chief	asks.	“After	the	party?”
“Back	bar	at	Ventuno,	Boarding	House.	I	left	after	one	drink.	My	wife	called	to	say	she
wanted	me	home.	Pronto.”
“What	did	you	do	at	home?”
“Went	up	to	see	Abby.	She	was	asleep	so	I	went	downstairs	for	a	drink.”
“Did	anyone	join	you?”
“My	father.”
“Anyone	else?”
“No.”
“Are	you	sure	about	that?”
Thomas’s	 eyebrows	 shoot	 up,	 but	 it’s	 acting.	 He’s	 a	 man	 pretending	 to	 remember
something.	The	Chief	is	surprised	he	doesn’t	snap	his	fingers.
“Oh!	 After	 a	 while,	 Merritt	 joined	 us,	 as	 well	 as	 a	 friend	 of	 my	 parents’	 named
Featherleigh	Dale.	She’s	an	antiques	dealer	from	London,	here	for	the	wedding.”
“Why	 was	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 at	 the	 house	 so	 late?”	 the	 Chief	 asks.	 “Is	 she	 staying
here?”
“No.	I’m	not	sure	why	she	was	still	around.”

“You’re	not?”
“I’m	not.”
The	Chief	lets	the	lie	sit	there	for	a	moment,	stinking.
“The	four	of	you	sat	under	the	tent	drinking	rum,	is	that	right?”
“Yes,	sir.”
“Who	was	the	first	to	leave	the	tent?	Was	it	you?”
“It	was.	My	wife	called	down.	I	had	pushed	my	luck	by	then	already,	so	I	went	up	to
bed.”
“Do	you	have	any	idea	what	time	that	was?”
“Around	two,	I	think.”
“I	need	you	to	focus	here.	Do	you	remember	Featherleigh	Dale	going	into	the	kitchen
for	water?	A	glass	of	water	for	Ms.	Monaco?”
Thomas	shakes	his	head,	but	then	says,	“Yes.”
“When	Featherleigh	went	in	to	get	the	water,	do	you	recall	how	long	she	was	gone?”
“Five	minutes.	Maybe	a	bit	longer.”
“Did	you	have	any	of	the	water?”
“No,	sir.”
“Do	you	remember	anyone	else	having	any	of	the	water?	Even	a	sip?”
“I	 was	 there	 to	 drink	 rum,	 sir,”	 Thomas	 says.	 “I	 don’t	 remember	 much	 about	 the
water.”
Somewhere	in	the	house,	the	clock	strikes	six.	The	Chief	is	dying	to	get	home,	take	off
his	shoes,	crack	open	a	beer,	hug	his	wife,	talk	to	Chloe.	This	day	has	lasted	five	years,	but
that’s	the	way	it	is	with	murder	cases.	He’s	sure	that,	back	at	the	station,	his	voice	mail	is
filled	 with	 messages	 from	 insistent	 reporters.	 When	 this	 is	 all	 over,	 he’s	 going	 to	 need
another	stress-management	class.
“Let	me	switch	gears.	Does	your	mother	have	a	pillbox?”
“Excuse	me?”
“Does	your	mother	have	a	box	where	she	keeps	her…”
“Her	sleeping	pills?”	Thomas	says.	“Yes.	It’s	round.	It	has	a	picture	of	Queen	Elizabeth
on	it.”
“Would	you	say	this	pillbox	is	well	known	to	members	of	your	family?”
Thomas	 laughs.	 “Oh,	 yes.	 My	 mother’s	 pillbox	 is	 infamous.	 It	 was	 a	 gift	 from	 her
grandmother.”
“And	would	you	say	that	everyone	in	your	family	is	aware	that	it	holds	sleeping	pills?”

“Yes.	 And	 she	 won’t	 share	 them.	 I	 asked	 for	 one	 once	 and	 she	 told	 me	 I	 couldn’t
handle	it.”
“Really,”	the	Chief	says.	Greer	claimed	she	offered	Merritt	one	of	the	sleeping	pills.	So
they	 were	 “too	 strong”	 for	 her	 son	 but	 she	 gave	 one	 to	 a	 houseguest?	 Does	 that	 seem
likely?
No,	it	does	not.
“Did	you	see	the	pillbox	in	the	kitchen	last	night?”
“No,”	 Thomas	 says.	 “Why?	 Was	 it	 left	 out?”	 He	 sits	 up	 straighter.	 “Do	 you	 think
Merritt	took	one	of	my	mother’s	sleeping	pills?”
“You	didn’t	see	the	pillbox?”	the	Chief	asks.	“You	didn’t	touch	the	pills?”
Thomas	 slaps	 his	 knee.	 “I	 most	 certainly	 did	 not.	 But	 Merritt	 must	 have	 seen	 my
mother’s	pills	and	taken	one—or	even	two—not	realizing	how	potent	they	are.	And	then
she	went	for	a	swim.”	He	stands	up.	“I	think	everyone	will	be	fine	with	this	being	called
an	 accidental	 death.	 There’s	 no	 reason	 to	 manufacture	 any	 more	 drama.	 This	 little
inquisition	has	produced	enough	anxiety	as	it	is—”
“We’re	not	finished	here,”	the	Chief	says.	He	waits	while	Thomas	reluctantly	sits	back
down.	“Do	you	know	anything	about	a	cut	on	Merritt’s	foot?”
“A	cut?”	Thomas	says.	“No.	But	if	she	did	cut	her	foot,	maybe	she	went	into	the	water
to	rinse	it.”
This	isn’t	something	the	Chief	has	considered.	She	did	have	quite	a	nasty	gash	on	her
foot.	It’s	possible	she	rinsed	it	off	in	the	water	to	avoid	tracking	blood	into	the	Winbury
house.	The	only	place	they’d	seen	blood	was	in	the	sand.
“Also,	Merritt	had	been	drinking,”	Thomas	says.
The	Chief	doesn’t	respond	to	this.	It’s	interesting	that	Thomas	is	so	eager	to	offer	up
theories	about	what	happened.	The	Chief	has	been	at	this	long	enough	to	know	that	that	is
how	a	guilty	person	acts.
“What	is	your	relationship	with	Ms.	Dale?”	the	Chief	asks.
“My…	I	already	told	you,	she’s	a	friend	of	my	parents.”
“And	that’s	it?	You	don’t	have	a	personal	relationship	with	her?”
“Not	really,”	Thomas	says.	“No.”
“My	colleague	with	the	Massachusetts	State	Police	interviewed	Ms.	Dale,”	the	Chief
says.	“She	told	him	that	she	had	been	romantically	involved	with	you	but	that	you	broke
things	off	in	May	when	your	wife	got	pregnant.	Is	that	true?”
“No!”	Thomas	says.
“One	of	you	is	lying,”	the	Chief	says.
“Featherleigh	 is	 lying.	 She’s	 a	 pathological	 liar,	 in	 fact.	 She’s	 being	 investigated	 for

fraud	in	her	antiques	business.	Did	she	tell	your	colleague	that?	She	tried	to	pass	off	a	fake
George	the	Third	gilt-wood	table	to	what	she	thought	was	a	naive	client.	So,	clearly,	she
lies	as	a	general	practice.”
“That	seems	like	pretty	specialized	knowledge	to	have	about	your	parents’	friend,”	the
Chief	says.
“My	mother	told	me	about	it.”
“Your	mother?	So	if	I	ask	Greer	right	now	if	she	told	you	about	Featherleigh’s	fraud
charges	and	what	exactly	they	were,	she’ll	say	yes.”
Thomas	 nods.	 His	 expression	 is	 confident	 except	 for	 three	 tense	 lines	 high	 on	 his
forehead.
The	Chief	stands	up.	“All	right.	I’ll	go	talk	to	your	mother.”
“Wait,”	Thomas	says.	He	collapses	against	the	back	of	the	sofa.	“We	did	have	a	brief
fling.	Me	and…	Ms.	Dale.	Featherleigh.”
“How	brief?”	the	Chief	asks.
Thomas	throws	up	his	hands.	“Not	brief,	exactly.	But	sporadic.”	He	pauses.	“Several
years.”
The	Chief	sits	back	down.	“So	you’ve	been	romantically	involved	with	Ms.	Dale	for
several	years?”
“On	and	off,”	Thomas	says.	“And	like	she	told	you,	I	ended	things	in	May.”
“Did	it	upset	you	that	Ms.	Dale	chose	to	attend	the	wedding?”
“Of	course	it	upset	me,”	Thomas	says.	“I	want	her	out	of	my	life.	My	wife	is	pregnant,
I	 need	 to	 focus	 on	 her	 and	 on	 getting	 my	 career	 back	 on	 track.	 This	 thing	 with
Featherleigh,	well,	it	ran	amok.	She	was	blackmailing	me.”
“Blackmailing	you?”	the	Chief	says.
Thomas	 picks	 up	 his	 scotch	 and	 throws	 half	 of	 it	 back.	 The	 Chief	 feels	 a	 mixture	 of
triumph	 and	 shame.	 He	 has	 gotten	 people	 to	 break	 down	 and	 talk	 before	 and	 it	 always
feels	satisfying	on	the	one	hand—like	cracking	a	safe,	almost—and	vaguely	obscene	on
the	other.	This	guy	has	been	hiding	something	for	years	and	now	he’s	coming	clean.	So
many	crimes,	and	especially	murders,	are	committed	by	people	with	dark	motivations	like
Thomas.	 Thomas	 likely	 had	 no	 intention	 of	 killing	 anyone;	 he	 just	 wanted	 to	 keep	 the
secret	of	his	love	affair	safe.
“I	 hooked	 up	 with	 her	 initially	 after	 her	 older	 brother,	 Hamish,	 died.	 Hamish	 was	 a
school	friend	of	my	father’s.	I	went	to	the	funeral	with	my	parents—this	was	before	I	met
Abby—and	at	the	reception	afterward,	Featherleigh	and	I	got	drunk	and	things	happened.
After	that,	I	saw	her	whenever	I	was	in	London	or	she	was	in	New	York.	Then	I	met	Abby.
I	told	Featherleigh	I	couldn’t	see	her	anymore	and	she	went	off	the	deep	end.”
“How	so?”

“Abby	came	with	my	family	to	Virgin	Gorda	over	the	Christmas	holiday	the	first	year
we	 were	 together.	 Featherleigh	 must	 have	 found	 out	 because	 she	 showed	 up	 on	 Virgin
Gorda	with	a	client	of	hers	from	Abu	Dhabi	who	had	a	gigantic	yacht.	And	then	another
time,	 right	 after	 I	 finished	 law	 school,	 Featherleigh	 made	 a	 surprise	 appearance	 at	 my
classmate’s	graduation	party.	She	walked	right	into	Bemelmans	Bar	at	the	Carlyle	Hotel	in
New	York	and	told	everyone	I’d	invited	her	there.”
“Why	didn’t	you	just	correct	the	misperception	then?”
“Because…	well…	there	had	been	times	that	I’d	seen	Featherleigh	since	I’d	been	with
Abby.	 And	 that’s	 where	 I	 messed	 up.	 I	 didn’t	 make	 a	 clean	 break.	 I	 didn’t	 keep
Featherleigh	firmly	in	my	past.	The	first	time	I	wasn’t	sure	if	things	were	going	to	work
out	 with	 Abby	 and	 me,	 so	 when	 Feather	 called	 and	 told	 me	 she	 had	 a	 suite	 at	 the
Gramercy	Park	Hotel,	I	went.	Then,	after	Abby	had	her	second	miscarriage—which	was	a
really	bad	one—she	was	weepy	and	depressed,	really	difficult	to	be	around.	She	felt	like	a
failure.	I	felt	like	a	failure.	We	started	to	fight.	There	wasn’t	a	conversation	we	could	have
that	didn’t	lead	right	back	to	the	pregnancies.	Sex	was	out	of	the	question.	It	was	a	tough
time.	And	Featherleigh	capitalized	on	that.	She	magically	appeared	in	New	York	and	then
in	Tampa,	Florida,	where	I	was	assisting	on	a	case.	She	sent	me	a	first-class	plane	ticket	to
Paris	and	then,	a	few	months	later,	to	Marrakech.	Then,	of	course,	it	turned	out	she	was
charging	 her	 clients	 the	 price	 of	 my	 plane	 tickets,	 thinking	 they	 wouldn’t	 notice.	 But	 of
course	 they	 did	 and	 they	 dragged	 Featherleigh	 to	 court,	 which	 killed	 her	 business	 and
depleted	 her	 savings	 and	 caused	 her	 to	 do	 something	 stupid,	 like	 try	 to	 pass	 off	 a	 fake
George	the	Third	gilt-wood	table	as	genuine.”
The	Chief	nods.	He	has	his	guy.	He	can	feel	it.	“The	blackmail?”	he	says.
“The	 blackmail,”	 Thomas	 says.	 He	 throws	 back	 the	 rest	 of	 his	 scotch	 and	 the	 Chief
wishes	for	the	bottle,	anything	to	keep	him	talking.	“It	started	back	in	January	of	this	year.
I	wanted	to	break	things	off.	And	Feather	told	me	if	I	did,	she	would	tell	Abby	what	we’d
been	 doing.	 So	 I	 had	 to	 keep	 on.”	 Thomas	 presses	 his	 fingers	 into	 his	 eye	 sockets.	 “I
started	failing	at	work.	I	was	trying	to	get	Abby	pregnant	and	trying	to	keep	Featherleigh
from	 running	 her	 mouth.	 Then,	 in	 May,	 Abby	 got	 pregnant	 and	 the	 pregnancy	 seemed
strong	and	viable	and	I	just	made	a	decision	that	I	wasn’t	going	to	let	Featherleigh	Dale
control	me	any	longer.	The	fraud	charges	helped	because	I	figured	even	if	she	did	contact
Abby,	she	would	have	zero	credibility.”
“But	 even	 so,	 you	 must	 have	 been	 upset	 that	 Ms.	 Dale	 was	 attending	 your	 brother’s
wedding.”
“I	asked	her	not	to	come,”	Thomas	says.	“I	pleaded	and	begged.”
“And	threatened,”	the	Chief	says.	“Ms.	Dale	said	that	you	said	if	she	showed	her	face
on	Nantucket,	you	would	kill	her.	Did	you	say	that?”
Thomas	nods.	“Yes.	Yes,	I	did.”
“Did	you	drop	one	of	your	mother’s	sleeping	pills	into	the	glass	of	water	Featherleigh
brought	to	the	table,	thinking	she	would	be	the	one	to	drink	it?	Did	you	think	she	might

take	a	swim	and	drown	or	get	behind	the	wheel	of	a	car	and	have	an	accident?	Did	you	do
that,	Thomas?	Because	after	what	you’ve	told	me,	I	would	understand	if	you	did.”
Thomas	starts	to	cry.	“I’ve	made	such	a	mess	of	things.”
The	 Chief	 breathes	 all	 the	 way	 out,	 maybe	 for	 the	 first	 time	 since	 he	 woke	 up	 this
morning.	“I’ll	need	you	to	come	down	to	the	station	and	sign	a	statement.	You	have	the
right	to	an	attorney.”
Thomas	sniffs,	shakes	his	head.	“I	think	you’ve	misunderstood.	I’ve	made	a	mess	of
things	but	I	didn’t	drug	anyone.	I	didn’t	see	my	mother’s	pills.	I	didn’t	touch	the	glass	of
water.	And	you’ll	forgive	me,	but	it	would	take	a	hell	of	a	lot	more	than	a	measly	sleeping
pill	to	kill	Featherleigh	Dale.”
“So	you…”	the	Chief	says.	“You	didn’t…”
Thomas	 shakes	 his	 head	 again.	 “I	 wanted	 Featherleigh	 to	 disappear.	 But	 I	 didn’t	 put
anything	 in	 anyone’s	 water.	 I	 didn’t	 see	 or	 touch	 my	 mother’s	 sleeping	 pills	 and
Featherleigh	is	still	very	much	a	threat	to	me.”	Thomas	offers	the	Chief	a	sad	smile.	“That
is	the	truth.”
The	Chief	calls	Andrea	and	tells	her	he’s	on	his	way	home.
“Did	you	figure	out	what	happened?”	Andrea	says.
“Not	 quite,”	 the	 Chief	 says.	 “We	 uncovered	 a	 bunch	 of	 ugly	 secrets,	 don’t	 get	 me
wrong,	but	we	can’t	quite	link	any	of	them	to	the	death	of	the	young	woman.”	He	thinks
of	Jordan	Randolph	at	the	Nantucket	Standard.	He’s	going	to	have	questions.	Everyone	is
going	to	have	questions.	“How’s	Chloe?”
“She’s	 upset,”	 Andrea	 says.	 “She	 told	 me	 she	 bonded	 with	 the	 maid	 of	 honor	 at	 the
rehearsal	dinner.”
“Bonded?”	the	Chief	says.	“What	does	that	mean?”
“I	tried	to	get	more	out	of	her	but	she	said	she	wanted	to	talk	to	you.	I	told	her	you
were	very	busy—”
“No,	no,	it’s	fine,”	the	Chief	says.	He	wonders	if	the	answers	he’s	been	looking	for	are
under	his	own	roof.	“I’ll	be	there	in	a	few	minutes.”
The	Chief	knocks	on	Chloe’s	bedroom	door.
“Come	in,”	she	says.
She’s	lying	on	her	bed	reading	a	book	about	turtles.	Is	that	right?	Turtles	All	the	Way
Down,	the	cover	says.	The	Chief	has	no	idea	what	that	means	but	he’s	glad	she’s	reading.
Her	 phone	 is	 plugged	 in	 on	 the	 nightstand	 and	 it	 buzzes	 and	 blinks	 with	 incoming
messages—Instagrams,	 he	 supposes,	 or	 Snapchats,	 or	 whatever	 has	 replaced	 Instagram
and	Snapchat.	Nick	would	probably	know.
“Hey,”	he	says	with	what	remains	of	his	good	humor.	He	closes	the	door	behind	him
and	 takes	 a	 seat	 on	 her	 bright	 blue	 fuzzy	 chair.	 The	 chair	 reminds	 the	 Chief	 of	 Grover

from	Sesame	Street,	but	at	least	it’s	comfortable.	“Auntie	said	you	wanted	to	talk?”
Chloe	 nods,	 sets	 the	 book	 down,	 sits	 up.	 She	 isn’t	 wearing	 any	 makeup,	 which	 is
unusual.	 Her	 face	 is	 maturing	 into	 beauty,	 a	 beauty	 she	 inherited	 from	 her	 mother.	 Tess
wasn’t	 much	 older	 than	 Chloe	 is	 now	 when	 the	 Chief	 first	 met	 her,	 Andrea’s	 beloved
younger	cousin,	a	cousin	as	close	as	a	sister.
“There	are	two	things	I	want	to	tell	you,”	Chloe	says.	“About	last	night.”
“Go	ahead,”	the	Chief	says.
“I	 was	 eavesdropping	 during	 the	 party,”	 Chloe	 says.	 “I	 overheard	 a	 conversation
between	the	maid	of	honor	and	the	father	of	the	groom.	I	think	they	were…	involved.	I
know	they	were.	She	was	pregnant	with	his	baby.	He	wanted	her	to	get	rid	of	it.	He	said	he
would	write	her	a	check.	She	said	she	wanted	to	keep	the	baby	because	it	was	a	link	to
him.	She	said	she	would	tell	Greer.	Greer	is	his	wife.”
The	Chief	nods	and	tries	not	to	let	any	emotion	show	on	his	face.	He’s	appalled	that
this	particular	storyline	managed	to	make	its	way	to	Chloe.
“You	haven’t	told	anyone	that,	I	hope,”	the	Chief	says.	“That’s	volatile	information.”
“I	haven’t	told	a	soul,”	Chloe	says	softly.	“I	was	waiting	for	you	to	get	home.”
After	dealing	with	one	liar	after	another	all	day	long,	the	Chief	is	heartened	to	know	he
recognizes	the	truth	when	he	hears	it.
He	takes	a	deep	breath.	“What’s	the	other	thing?”
“The	other	thing	happened	when	I	was	clearing,”	Chloe	says.	“It	was	after	the	dessert,
after	the	toasts,	and	I	had	a	tray	of	champagne	flutes	I	was	taking	back	to	the	kitchen.	I
wasn’t	watching	where	I	was	going	and	I	tripped	and	fell	and	the	glasses	all	broke.”
Broken	glass,	the	Chief	thinks.	“Where	did	this	happen?”	he	asks.
“At	 the	 place	 where	 the	 beach	 meets	 the	 lawn.	 Over	 by	 the	 left	 side	 of	 the	 house	 if
you’re	standing	with	your	back	to	the	water.”
The	Chief	writes	this	down.
“The	maid	of	honor	helped	me	clean	up,”	Chloe	says.	“And	she	was	really	cool.	She
asked	my	name	and	where	I	was	from,	and	when	I	told	her	I	was	from	Nantucket,	she	said
I	was	the	luckiest	girl	in	the	world.”	Chloe’s	voice	gets	thick	and	she	wipes	at	her	eyes.	“I
can’t	believe	she’s	dead.	She	was	a	person	I	talked	to	last	night.”
“Sometimes	things	happen	that	way,”	the	Chief	says.	“There’s	a	good	chance	she	took
pills,	maybe	drank	too	much—”
“She	wasn’t	drunk,”	Chloe	says.	“Not	even	a	little	bit.	She	seemed	like	the	most	sober
person	at	the	party.”
“I	 just	 want	 you	 to	 realize,	 Chloe,	 that	 every	 single	 decision	 you	 make—who	 your
friends	are,	who	you	date,	whether	you	decide	to	smoke	or	drink—has	a	consequence.	I
think	that	Merritt,	ultimately,	was	the	victim	of	her	own	poor	choices.”

Chloe	 stares	 at	 the	 Chief	 for	 a	 second	 and	 he	 can	 see	 she	 resents	 his	 using	 Merritt’s
death	 as	 a	 public	 service	 announcement—but	 this	 is	 nothing	 if	 not	 a	 teachable	 moment.
Chloe	reaches	for	her	phone	and	the	Chief	knows	he’s	lost	her.	Andrea	is	better	at	dealing
with	Chloe;	he	always	ends	up	sounding	like	the	gruff	uncle	who	also	happens	to	be	the
chief	of	police.
“One	other	question,	Chloe,”	he	says,	though	he’s	sure	she	wants	nothing	more	than	to
be	rid	of	him.	“Did	Merritt	cut	herself	when	she	was	helping	you	clean	up	the	glass?”
“Cut	herself?”	Chloe	says.	She	looks	up	from	her	phone.	“No.	Why?”
“Just	wondering,”	the	Chief	says.	“Are	you	sure	the	two	of	you	picked	up	every	bit	of
glass?”
“It	 was	 dark,”	 Chloe	 says.	 “We	 did	 the	 best	 we	 could.	 I	 was	 worried,	 actually,	 that
Greer	would	find	a	piece	of	glass	we	missed	and	I	would	get	in	trouble	for	it	today.	But	I
guess	they	had	bigger	things	to	worry	about.”
The	Chief	stands	up.
“Wait,	can	I	show	you	one	more	thing?”	Chloe	says.	She	holds	her	phone	up	and	scoots
to	the	edge	of	the	bed.	The	Chief	takes	a	seat	next	to	her.	“Merritt	is	an	influencer,	so	I
started	following	her	on	Instagram	last	night	when	I	got	home.	This	was	her	last	post.”
The	Chief	accepts	the	phone	from	Chloe	and	puts	on	his	reading	glasses.	He	has	never
looked	 at	 Instagram	 before,	 and	 he	 sees	 it’s	 nothing	 more	 than	 a	 photograph	 with	 a
caption.	In	this	instance,	the	photo	is	of	two	young	women	posing	on	the	bow	of	the	HyLine	 fast	 ferry.	 Their	 hair	 is	 windblown,	 and	 Nantucket	 is	 visible	 behind	 them	 in	 the
background—the	 harbor,	 the	 sailboats,	 the	 gray-shingled	 fisherman	 cottages	 of	 the
wharves,	the	steeples	of	the	Unitarian	and	Congregational	churches.	The	blond—Celeste,
the	 bride,	 the	 Chief	 realizes—looks	 nervous;	 there’s	 a	 hesitation	 in	 her	 smile.	 The
brunette,	Merritt,	however,	is	beaming;	she	is	luminous,	giving	the	moment	everything	she
has.	She’s	a	good	actress,	the	Chief	thinks.	There’s	no	hint	or	clue	that	she	was	pregnant
with	the	baby	of	a	married	man	and	that	he	wanted	nothing	to	do	with	her.	The	caption	of
the	photo	reads:	Goin’	to	the	chapel…	wedding	weekend	with	the	BEST	FRIEND	a	woman
could	ask	for.	#maidofhonor	#bridesmaid	#happilyeverafter.
“Hashtag	happily	ever	after,”	Chloe	says.	“That’s	the	part	that	kills	me.	Isn’t	that	the
saddest	thing	you’ve	ever	seen?”
“Just	about,”	the	Chief	says,	handing	the	phone	back	to	Chloe.	“Just	about.”
The	Chief	changes	into	casual	clothes	and	looks	longingly	at	the	cold	blue	cans	of	Cisco
beer	in	his	fridge—but	he	can’t	relax	yet.	He	has	arranged	to	meet	Nick	back	at	the	station
to	go	over	everything	one	last	time.
“Don’t	worry	about	dinner,”	he	tells	Andrea.	“I’ll	have	Keira	order	us	something.”
“I	 hate	 murder	 investigations,”	 Andrea	 says,	 lifting	 her	 face	 for	 a	 kiss.	 “But	 I	 love
you.”
“And	 I	 love	 you,”	 he	 says.	 He	 gives	 his	 wife	 a	 kiss,	 a	 second	 kiss,	 a	 third	 kiss.	 He

thinks	about	letting	Nick	wait.
The	 Chief	 and	 Nick	 meet	 in	 an	 interview	 room	 back	 at	 the	 station.	 Keira,	 the	 Chief’s
assistant,	 has	 ordered	 a	 kale	 Caesar	 and	 a	 couple	 of	 artisanal	 pizzas	 from	 Station	 21	 so
they	can	have	a	little	dinner.
Nick	 takes	 a	 lusty	 bite	 of	 the	 shrimp	 and	 pancetta	 pizza.	 “This	 isn’t	 bad,”	 he	 says.
“Normally	I	stay	away	from	anything	called	‘artisanal.’	I	like	my	food	real.”
“Chloe	said	Merritt	didn’t	cut	herself	when	she	helped	clean	up,”	the	Chief	says.	“But
she	may	have	cut	herself	after	the	kayak	ride.	The	place	Chloe	said	she	dropped	the	tray	is
right	near	the	path	Merritt	would	have	taken	to	get	back	to	her	cottage.”
“That	could	explain	why	Merritt	went	in	the	water,”	Nick	says.	“I	mean,	you’d	rinse	a
cut	at	the	water’s	edge,	but	you	wouldn’t	go	all	the	way	in.”
“Unless	the	water	felt	nice,”	the	Chief	says.	“It	was	a	hot	night.”
“And	I’m	guessing	the	maid	of	honor	didn’t	care	for	the	heat,”	Nick	says.	“The	A/C	in
her	bedroom	was	cranked	to	ten.	It	was	practically	snowing	in	there.”
“But	that	doesn’t	tell	us	who	slipped	her	the	sleeping	pill,”	the	Chief	says.
“She	might	have	taken	one	herself,”	Nick	says.	“After	all,	we	know	she	was	upset.”
“Doesn’t	 that	 seem	 reckless?”	 the	 Chief	 asks.	 “Taking	 a	 sleeping	 pill	 when	 she’s
pregnant?”
“The	father	said	she	jumped	off	the	kayak	way	out	in	the	middle	of	the	harbor,	right?
That’s	the	definition	of	reckless.	Her	frame	of	mind	was	reckless,	sounds	like.”
The	Chief	stabs	a	piece	of	kale	in	the	round	foil	container	in	front	of	them.	“I’m	not
liking	 this	 as	 an	 accident.	 There	 are	 two	 people	 who	 wanted	 Merritt	 to	 go	 away—Tag
Winbury	and	Greer	Garrison.	And	one	person	who	wanted	Featherleigh	Dale	to	go	away
—Thomas	Winbury.”
“Calling	 it	 an	 accident	 would	 be	 easier	 on	 Merritt’s	 family,”	 Nick	 says.	 “And	 the
bride.”
“We	don’t	work	for	her	family,”	the	Chief	says.	“We	work	for	the	Commonwealth	of
Massachusetts.	 And	 beyond	 that,	 we	 work	 in	 the	 name	 of	 justice	 for	 the	 citizens	 of	 this
great	country.	Do	you	think	it	was	an	accident?	Really?”
“No,”	Nick	says.	“I	like	the	mother.”
The	Chief	munches	a	crouton.	“Funny.	I	like	the	father.	Tag	Winbury	sees	his	wife’s
sleeping	pills,	drops	one	in	Merritt’s	water	glass.	He	then	takes	her	out	in	the	kayak	and
eliminates	both	his	problems—no	mistress,	no	baby.	What’s	your	angle?”
“Greer	finds	out	about	the	affair	and	the	baby	and	she	drops	a	sleeping	pill	in	the	water,
hoping	 Merritt	 will	 drink	 it	 and	 that	 Tag	 will	 take	 Merritt	 out	 in	 the	 kayak.	 Or	 maybe,
maybe,	Greer	is	trying	to	kill	her	husband.	Maybe	Greer	slips	him	a	mickey	hoping	he’ll
go	out	in	the	kayak	and	never	return.”	Nick	picks	up	a	piece	of	the	sausage	pizza.	“Yes,	I

do	realize	how	far-fetched	that	sounds.”
“It	would	be	different,	maybe,	if	we	had	that	water	glass,”	the	Chief	says.
Nick	cocks	his	head.	“Does	it	seem	odd	to	you	that	the	water	glass	was	cleared	from
the	 table	 but	 the	 shot	 glasses	 remained?	 Someone	 took	 only	 the	 water	 glass	 inside.	 Or
someone	came	out	and	cleared	only	the	water	glass.”
The	Chief	shakes	his	head	and	picks	up	his	own	piece	of	pizza.	He	can’t	believe	that
Chloe	 is	 the	 one	 who	 dropped	 the	 tray	 of	 glasses.	 Shard	 of	 glass	 on	 the	 lawn,	 cut	 foot,
maid	 of	 honor	 goes	 into	 the	 ocean	 to	 wash	 it	 off,	 dead	 maid	 of	 honor.	 It’s	 not	 Chloe’s
fault;	 no	 one	 on	 earth	 would	 think	 that.	 But	 if	 Chloe	 hadn’t	 dropped	 the	 tray,	 would
Merritt	still	be	alive?	Yes,	if	she	hadn’t	taken	a	sleeping	pill	or	been	slipped	a	sleeping	pill
and	then	gone	into	the	water,	she	would	be	alive.	Limping	down	the	aisle	of	the	church,
maybe.	But	alive.
“The	fact	is,	we	don’t	have	enough	evidence	to	charge	anyone,”	Nick	says.
The	Chief	knows	Nick	is	right.	“Tomorrow	we’ll	call	the	brother	back	and	tell	him	we
concluded	it	was	an	accident.	She	took	a	sleeping	pill,	she	went	for	a	nighttime	swim,	she
drowned.”
“There	 were	 so	 many	 secrets	 in	 that	 house,”	 Nick	 says.	 “I	 can’t	 believe	 one	 of	 them
didn’t	cause	this.”
The	Chief	raises	his	cup	of	coffee.	“To	the	deceased,”	he	says.
Nick	touches	his	cup	to	the	Chief’s.	“May	she	rest	in	peace.”

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	6:55	p.m.

NANTUCKET
The	Nantucket	Standard—www.ackstandard.net—Saturday,	July	7,	2018
Nantucket	Police	Department	Rules	Drowning	Death	Accidental

8:12	p.m.
The	 Nantucket	 Police	 Department,	 in	 conjunction	 with	 the	 Massachusetts	 State
Police,	has	ruled	the	death	of	Merritt	Alison	Monaco,	29,	of	New	York,	New	York,
early	 this	 morning,	 an	 accident.	 Ms.	 Monaco	 was	 on	 Nantucket	 to	 serve	 as	 an
attendant	 at	 a	 wedding	 on	 Saturday.	 She	 is	 survived	 by	 her	 parents,	 Gary	 and
Katherine	 Monaco,	 of	 Commack,	 New	 York,	 as	 well	 as	 a	 brother,	 Douglas
Monaco,	of	Garden	City,	New	York.	Ms.	Monaco	was	employed	by	the	New	York
Wildlife	Conservation	Society	and	has	served	as	their	director	of	public	relations
since	2016.
Chief	 Edward	 Kapenash	 of	 the	 Nantucket	 Police	 Department	 said,	 “We	 have
investigated	 the	 case	 and	 determined	 Ms.	 Monaco’s	 death	 was	 an	 accident.	 We
thank	the	entire	Nantucket	community	for	their	cooperation	and	encourage	locals
and	 visitors	 to	 the	 island	 alike	 to	 exercise	 extreme	 caution	 in	 and	 around	 the
water.”
Marty	 Szczerba	 gets	 an	 alert	 from	 the	 Inky	 on	 his	 phone:	 The	 maid	 of	 honor	 out	 in
Monomoy	 apparently	 drowned	 accidentally.	 It	 sounds	 suspicious	 to	 Marty,	 and	 it	 also
feels	a	bit	anticlimactic—after	the	person	of	interest	trying	to	escape	on	the	Hy-Line	and
the	dramatic	removal	of	Featherleigh	Dale	from	the	Crosswinds	restaurant,	it	turns	out	the
death	was	accidental?
Huh,	Marty	thinks.
Then	 Marty	 realizes	 this	 means	 Featherleigh	 Dale	 isn’t	 a	 murder	 suspect	 and	 thus
might	be	interested	in	a	little	romance.	Marty	can’t	see	himself	pursuing	anything	like	a
one-night	stand,	but	a	drink	might	be	nice.
He	 decides	 to	 call	 the	 police	 station	 to	 ask	 Keira	 if	 she	 knows	 if	 Featherleigh	 was
brought	back	to	the	airport	or	taken	to	stay	at	an	inn	overnight.
“Hey,	 Keira,”	 Marty	 says	 when	 she	 answers.	 “This	 is	 Marty	 Szczerba.	 I	 have	 a
question	for	you.”
“Hey,	 Marty,”	 Keira	 says.	 Just	 the	 sound	 of	 her	 voice	 reminds	 Marty	 that	 he	 still
harbors	a	terrific	crush	on	Keira.	“I	have	a	question	for	you.	When	are	you	ever	going	to
ask	me	out?”
Marty	blinks.	The	phone	grows	warm	in	his	hand.	Featherleigh	who?	he	thinks.	“How
about	tonight?”	he	says.

Celeste	texts	Benji	to	let	him	know	she’s	taking	a	taxi	back	from	the	hospital.
I’ll	just	come	get	you!	Benji	says.
Please	 don’t,	 Celeste	 responds.	 Three	 dots	 appear	 and	 then	 a	 second	 text	 comes
through.	We	can	talk	when	I	get	back.
Benji	feels	suddenly	hot	and	prickly,	uncomfortable	in	his	own	skin	for	the	first	time	in
his	 life.	 How	 he	 longs	 to	 shed	 his	 identity	 at	 this	 moment.	 He	 no	 longer	 wants	 to	 be	 a
Winbury.	 Celeste	 has	 obviously	 learned	 about	 Merritt	 and	 Tag.	 They	 were	 having	 some
kind	of	affair,	some	kind	of	something—Benji	couldn’t	bear	to	press	for	details—but	he
has	a	feeling	his	father	is	to	blame	for	Merritt’s	death.
His	own	father.
You	think	your	family	is	beyond	reproach,	Celeste	had	said.	But	you’re	wrong.
Benji	meets	Celeste	out	in	the	driveway	but	she	gives	him	a	hollow	look	and	says,	“I	need
a	minute,	please,	Benji.	I	have	to	talk	to	my	parents.”
He	says,	“Your	parents	aren’t	the	priority	right	now,	Celeste.	I’m	your	fiancé.	We	were
supposed	to	get	married	today.”
She	 walks	 right	 past	 him	 and	 into	 the	 house,	 and	 it’s	 all	 Benji	 can	 do	 not	 to	 follow
behind	her	like	a	puppy	dog.
Instead,	he	heads	to	the	kitchen	and	watches	Thomas	pile	a	plate	high	with	sandwiches
and	potato	salad	and	summer	fruit	that	the	caterer	had	dropped	off	earlier	that	afternoon	as
scheduled—it	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 the	 pre-wedding	 lunch—and	 when	 Thomas	 notices
Benji	 staring	 at	 him,	 he	 says,	 “What?	 I’m	 hungry,	 and	 my	 wife	 is	 pregnant	 and	 needs
food.”
Benji	says	in	the	calmest	voice	he	can	manage,	“Is	this	Dad’s	fault?	Was	he	screwing
her?”
“Sounds	 like	 it,”	 Thomas	 says	 matter-of-factly.	 He	 notices	 the	 look	 of	 disgust	 that
crosses	Benji’s	face.	“Oh,	don’t	be	such	an	altar	boy,	Benny.”
Altar	boy?	Benji	thinks.	Does	it	make	him	an	altar	boy	to	expect	his	father	to	be	a	man
of	character	and	integrity,	to	not	cheat	on	their	mother	with	someone	Benji’s	age,	someone
who	also	happened	to	be	Celeste’s	best	friend?	“Did	you	know	about	this?”	Benji	asks.
“Not	really,”	Thomas	says.	“But	I	saw	Dad	in	the	bar	at	the	Four	Seasons	downtown	a
few	weeks	ago	and	he	hid	from	me.	I	figured	something	was	going	on.”	Thomas	blinks.
“Now	I	know	what	that	something	was.”
Benji	 shudders.	 The	 Four	 Seasons	 downtown?	 It	 was	 like	 that,	 like	 an	 affair	 from	 a
novel	or	a	movie?	Thomas	disappears	down	the	hall	with	his	plate	before	Benji	can	ask
what	Thomas	had	been	doing	at	the	Four	Seasons	downtown.
He	doesn’t	want	to	know.
Benji	loiters	at	the	mail	table	at	the	bottom	of	the	stairs	until	he	hears	Celeste	leaving

her	parents’	room,	then	he	races	to	the	second	floor	and	catches	her	right	before	she	enters
her/his/their	bedroom.	His	bedroom	that	she	was	using	as	a	bridal	suite	that	will	become
their	bedroom	in	this	house.
“Celeste.”
She	turns.	“I	need	to	lie	down,”	she	says.
“I	 understand	 you’re	 tired,”	 he	 says.	 He	 lets	 her	 enter	 the	 room,	 follows	 her,	 then
closes	the	door	behind	them.
“Benji,”	she	says.
Her	wedding	dress	is	hanging	on	the	closet	door;	it’s	as	unsettling	to	him	as	a	headless
ghost.	“You’re	not	going	to	marry	me,”	he	says.	“Are	you?	Like	at	all,	ever?”
“No,”	she	says.	“I’m	sorry,	Benji,	I’m	not.”
Benji’s	entire	body	goes	numb.	He	nods	but	he	feels	like	his	head	is	being	pulled	by	a
string.	Celeste!	He	wants	to	talk	her	out	of	it.	He	wants	to	explain	that	she	shouldn’t	judge
him	by	 his	 family’s	 actions.	 He’s	 not	 his	 father.	 He’s	 not	 his	 brother.	 He’s	 a	 good,	 true
person	and	he	will	love	her	forever.
But	 he	 stops	 himself.	 Every	 single	 thing	 that	 Benji	 has	 comes	 from	 his	 parents—the
money,	the	apartment,	the	education,	the	advantages.	To	denounce	his	family,	to	deny	his
unconditional	 love	 for	 them,	 would	 be	 disingenuous,	 and	 Celeste	 would	 recognize	 it	 as
such.	 He	 has	 taken	 the	 privilege	 for	 granted	 for	 twenty-eight	 years,	 and	 now	 he	 has	 to
accept	the	shame.
“What	are	you	going	to	do?”	he	asks.
“I’m	not	sure,”	she	says.	“Maybe	take	a	trip.	Maybe	not.”
“I	 know	 it	 seems	 inconceivable	 right	 now,”	 Benji	 says,	 “but	 you	 will	 get	 past	 this.	 I
don’t	mean	to	say	you’ll	ever	stop	missing	Merritt…”
“Benji,”	 Celeste	 says,	 and	 Benji	 clamps	 his	 mouth	 shut.	 He	 sounds	 like	 an	 ass.	 “My
decision	doesn’t	have	anything	to	do	with	Merritt.”
“It	doesn’t?”	he	says.
She	shakes	her	head.	“It	has	to	do	with	me.”
She	doesn’t	want	to	marry	him.
He	would	like	to	say	this	comes	as	a	complete	shock,	a	wrecking	ball	out	of	nowhere—
but	it	doesn’t.
“Your	stutter	is	gone,”	he	says.
She	smiles,	sadly	at	first,	but	then	with	a	touch	of	relief—or	triumph.	“Yes,”	she	says.
“I	know.”
As	Benji	is	walking	back	to	the	first	cottage—he	needs	to	hide;	he	can’t	bear	to	see	either
of	his	parents—he	spies	Shooter	walking	down	the	driveway.

Shooter.	Benji	has	completely	lost	track	of	him,	of	time,	of	everything.	Shooter	looks
like	 he’s	 just	 survived	 a	 shipwreck.	 He’s	 unshaven,	 his	 blue	 oxford	 is	 rumpled	 and
untucked,	he	has	his	navy	blazer	crushed	under	one	arm,	and	his	mouth	is	hanging	open	as
he	stares	at	his	phone.
“You	look	even	worse	than	I	feel,”	Benji	says,	trying	for	the	jocular	tone	they	normally
use	with	each	other.	“Where	have	you	been?”
“Police	 station,”	 Shooter	 says.	 He	 follows	 Benji	 into	 the	 first	 cottage,	 then	 goes
straight	to	the	fridge	and	flips	the	top	off	a	bottle	of	beer.	“Want	one?”
“Sure,”	Benji	says.
“Listen,	there	are	some	things	you	need	to	know,”	Shooter	says.
“Spare	me,	please,”	Benji	says.	“I’ve	heard	too	much	already.”
Spare	me,	please.	I’ve	heard	too	much	already.
Shooter	lets	that	comment	sink	in.	He	was	finally	released	from	the	police	station;	in
the	end,	they	had	nothing	to	hold	him	on	except	impeding	an	active	investigation.	They
issued	him	a	ticket	for	three	hundred	dollars,	which	he	paid	in	cash.	Val	Gluckstern	had
offered	him	a	ride	back	to	Summerland,	but	he	said	he	wanted	to	walk.	He	needed	to	clear
his	head.
He	hadn’t	been	sure	how	much	he	would	need	to	explain.	Maybe	everything.	Maybe
nothing.	 He	 wanted	 very	 badly	 to	 talk	 to	 Celeste	 but	 he	 was	 afraid.	 He	 had	 spilled	 the
beans	 to	 the	 police,	 which	 already	 felt	 like	 a	 betrayal.	 He	 was	 afraid	 Celeste	 would	 be
angry,	but	he	was	more	afraid	she	would	deny	that	she	had	ever	intended	to	run	away	with
him.
As	 he	 was	 walking	 down	 the	 Winburys’	 white-shell	 driveway	 between	 the	 rows	 of
hydrangeas	 and	 under	 the	 boxwood	 arch,	 his	 phone	 pinged.	 It	 was	 a	 text	 from	 an
unfamiliar	212	number.	Shooter	had	clicked	on	the	text	more	out	of	habit	than	anything
else.
It	was	a	picture	of	Shooter	and	Celeste	standing	outside	Steamboat	Pizza.	They	weren’t
touching,	though	they	were	very	close	together—too	close,	probably.	Shooter	clicked	on
the	 photo	 and	 zoomed	 in.	 Celeste	 was	 looking	 in	 the	 vague	 direction	 of	 the	 camera	 and
Shooter	was	looking	at	Celeste,	his	expression	one	of	naked	desire,	longing,	covetousness.
The	photo	is	chilling,	a	threat.	Did	someone	else	know	their	plans?	Who	took	it?	Who
sent	it?
Shooter	stopped	dead	in	his	tracks.	He	texted	back:	Who	is	this?
To	 which	 there	 was	 no	 response.	 Shooter	 ran	 through	 the	 possibilities.	 The	 212	 area
code	 was	 Manhattan.	 And	 whoever	 this	 was	 either	 had	 been	 across	 the	 street	 or	 knew
someone	who	was.
The	implications	were	obvious,	right?	Someone	was	trying	to	scare	him.	If	the	photo
was	 being	 sent	 to	 Shooter,	 it	 had	 probably	 also	 been	 sent	 to	 Benji.	 But	 Benji	 knew	 that

Shooter	and	Celeste	had	gone	to	get	pizza.	It	wasn’t	as	if	someone	had	sent	a	picture	of
Shooter	and	Celeste	a	few	minutes	later,	sitting	on	the	bench	by	the	Steamship	terminal.
That	would	have	been	harder	to	explain.
Okay,	 fine.	 Honestly,	 Shooter	 was	 too	 tired	 for	 games.	 He	 proceeded	 under	 the
boxwood	arch	and	bumped	right	into	Benji.
Spare	me,	please.	I’ve	heard	too	much	already.
“I	ran	away	from	the	police	this	morning,”	Shooter	says.	“They	wanted	to	question	me
and	I	told	them	I	had	to	use	the	john	and	then	I	slipped	out	the	bathroom	window.”
“Shut	up,”	Benji	says.
“I’m	serious.”
Benji	says,	“I	hope	you	told	them	you	didn’t	want	to	talk	to	the	police	because	of	what
happened	to	your	mother.”
Shooter	 takes	 a	 long	 pull	 off	 his	 beer.	 Benji	 is	 the	 only	 person	 who	 knows	 about
Shooter’s	 mother,	 Cassandra.	 She	 became	 addicted	 to	 heroin	 after	 Shooter’s	 father	 died,
but	she	had	happened	to	OD	during	one	of	Shooter’s	rare	visits	home.	He	was	twenty-one
years	old,	working	as	a	bartender	in	Georgetown,	and	he	gave	Cassandra	a	fifty-dollar	bill.
She	had	spent	it	on	smack.	Shooter	had	woken	up	in	the	morning	to	find	his	mother	dead.
And,	 yes,	 he	 had	 blamed	 himself.	 He	 had	 basically	 begged	 the	 Dade	 County	 police	 to
arrest	him,	but	they	had	far	too	much	experience	with	overdoses	to	blame	anyone	but	the
user	herself.
“I	 hopped	 on	 the	 Hy-Line	 and	 they	 caught	 me,	 cuffed	 me,	 brought	 me	 to	 the	 police
station.	I	hired	a	lawyer.	She	sat	with	me	while	I	gave	my	account	of	last	night.”
Benji	 barely	 reacts.	 It’s	 as	 if	 he	 expects	 these	 kinds	 of	 theatrics	 from	 Shooter.	 Either
that	or	he’s	not	really	listening.	“They	found	something	in	Merritt’s	bloodstream,”	Benji
says.	“Pills.”
“Really,”	Shooter	says.	“How	is	Celeste	taking	it?”
Benji	shoots	up	off	the	sofa.	“How	is	Celeste	taking	it?”	he	says.	“Well,	let’s	see,	she
was	so	hysterical	that	she	spent	half	the	day	in	the	emergency	room.	And	yet	she	seems	to
have	gained	a	certain	clarity.	She	doesn’t	want	to	marry	me.	At	all.	Ever.”
Shooter	is	suddenly	very	alert,	despite	his	profound	exhaustion.	What	is	Benji	going	to
say	next?
“She	says	it	has	nothing	to	do	with	what	happened	to	Merritt.	It	has	to	do	with	her.	She
doesn’t	want	to	marry	me—not	next	month,	not	next	year,	not	on	a	beach	in	Aruba,	not	at
city	hall	in	Easton,	Pennsylvania.	She	doesn’t	want	to	marry	me.	When	was	she	going	to
tell	me	this?	Was	she	going	to	stand	me	up	at	the	altar?	Oh,	and	guess	what	else.	Guess
what	else.	Just	guess.”
Shooter	doesn’t	want	to	guess,	which	is	okay	because	Benji	isn’t	waiting	for	an	answer.
“Her	stutter	is	gone!	Completely	gone!	She	decides	she’s	not	going	to	marry	me	and

her	speech	impediment	disappears.”
Her	stutter	was	gone	last	night,	Shooter	thinks.	If	Benji	had	paid	attention,	he	would
have	 realized	 that.	 When	 Celeste	 and	 Shooter	 left	 the	 bench	 next	 to	 the	 Steamship
terminal,	 they	 had	 gone	 back	 to	 get	 pizza,	 and	 when	 Shooter	 asked	 Celeste	 what	 she
wanted,	she	said,	“Slice	of	pepperoni	and	a	root	beer,	please.”	Her	words	had	been	as	clear
as	the	peal	of	church	bells	on	a	summer	morning.
“Did	she	say	anything	else?”	Shooter	asks.	His	plan	of	running	away	with	Celeste	was
incredibly	 cowardly,	 he	 sees	 now.	 Because	 this—Benji’s	 reckoning—wasn’t	 anything
Shooter	wanted	to	witness.
“Anything	 else?”	 Benji	 says.	 “She	 didn’t	 need	 to	 say	 anything	 else.	 She	 destroyed
me.”	He	winds	up	and	throws	his	beer	bottle	across	the	room,	where	it	hits	the	wall	and
shatters.	Benji	puts	his	hands	over	his	face.	He	makes	a	choking	noise	and	Shooter	realizes
he’s	crying.
Shooter	Uxley	has	envied	Benjamin	Winbury	since	the	day	they	met	at	the	St.	George’s
School	 freshman	 year,	 and	 although	 Shooter	 has	 always	 longed	 to	 have	 something,
anything,	that	Benji	couldn’t	have,	all	that	comes	to	mind	now	are	the	infinite	kindnesses
that	 Benji	 has	 shown	 him:	 The	 day	 after	 Shooter’s	 mother	 died,	 Benji	 skipped	 his
economics	 midterm	 at	 Hobart	 and	 flew	 down	 to	 Miami.	 During	 their	 senior	 year	 at	 St.
George’s,	 when	 Shooter	 was	 so	 destitute	 that	 he	 organized	 an	 illegal	 dice	 game,	 it	 was
Benji	who	had	encouraged	people	to	come	and	gamble.	Benji	had	been	a	prefect,	he	could
have	 gotten	 in	 trouble,	 lost	 his	 position,	 faced	 suspension,	 but	 none	 of	 that	 had	 been	 as
important	 to	 him	 as	 giving	 Shooter	 the	 opportunity	 to	 make	 enough	 money	 to	 stay	 at
school.
Benji	had	picked	Shooter	over	his	own	brother	to	be	his	best	man.
Benji	had	always	believed	in	Shooter	and	continues	to	believe	in	him,	even	as	Shooter
came	this	close	to	stealing	his	bride	away.
Celeste	has	done	her	part.	She	has	broken	things	off.	This	is	how	things	should	go.	Let
Benji	 deal	 with	 the	 breakup	 and	 let	 Celeste	 deal	 with	 losing	 Merritt.	 After	 some	 time
passes,	Shooter	and	Celeste	can	be	together.	How	much	time	will	that	be?	he	wonders.	He
is,	by	nature,	a	very	impatient	person.	He	wants	to	start	his	life	with	Celeste	today.
He	 decides	 he	 will	 keep	 the	 picture	 of	 himself	 with	 Celeste.	 It	 arrived	 like	 an
anonymous	 gift	 from	 the	 universe;	 when	 Shooter	 looks	 at	 it,	 he	 will	 remember	 that	 he
finally	has	something	in	his	life	worth	waiting	for.	He	will	remember	that	she	said	yes.
Shooter	stands	up.	He	reaches	out	for	Benji,	hugs	him	tight;	he	absorbs	the	shudders	of
Benji’s	sobs.
He	says	nothing.

Saturday,	July	7,	2018,	8:00	p.m.

GREER

There’s	a	knock	on	Greer’s	bedroom	door	and	she	stands.
“Yes?”
Elida,	 the	 housekeeper,	 enters	 the	 room.	 It’s	 way	 past	 time	 for	 Elida	 to	 leave.	 Even
with	the	wedding,	she	was	supposed	to	be	gone	by	three	so	she	could	attend	the	ceremony
at	four.	But	here	she	is,	quietly	and	steadfastly	doing	her	job.
“Elida,”	Greer	says,	and	tears	rise	in	her	eyes.	What	does	it	say	that	in	her	household
she	can	only	trust	two	people:	her	younger	son	and	her	housekeeper?
From	behind	her	back,	Elida	produces	Greer’s	pillbox.
“What?”	Greer	says.	Her	novelist	mind	immediately	wonders	if	Elida	had	anything	to
do	with	Merritt’s	death.	Perhaps	Elida	learned	about	the	affair	and	the	baby	and	poisoned
the	 girl	 out	 of	 fealty	 to	 Greer.	 That	 would	 be	 an	 unexpected	 upstairs-downstairs	 twist.
“Where	did	you	find	this?”
Elida	says,	“In	Mr.	Thomas’s	room.	In	the	trash.”
In	 Thomas’s	 room,	 in	 the	 trash.	 In	 the	 trash?	 Thomas	 knows	 how	 much	 Greer
cherishes	this	pillbox.	She	can’t	believe	he	would	throw	it	away.	Greer	takes	the	box	from
Elida.	There	are	still	pills	inside;	she	can	hear	them.
“Thank	you,	Elida,”	Greer	says.	“You	can	go	home.”
Elida	 slips	 out	 of	 the	 room.	 Greer	 returns	 the	 pillbox	 to	 its	 rightful	 place	 in	 the
medicine	cabinet.	Then	she	marches	upstairs.
As	Greer	approaches	Thomas’s	bedroom	door,	she	hears	yelling.	This	is	hardly	surprising;
Greer	would	very	much	like	to	yell	herself.	She	quickly	realizes	the	voices	she’s	hearing
belong	to	Thomas	and	Abby.
Greer’s	first	thought	is	that	yelling	can’t	be	good	for	the	baby,	but	then	she	recalls	that
her	 greatest	 rows	 with	 Tag	 were	 when	 she	 was	 pregnant.	 Her	 hormones	 had	 turned	 her
into	a	lunatic	with	pendulum	swings	between	elation	and	despair.	The	worst	row—when
Greer	was	bored	out	of	her	mind,	pregnant	with	Thomas,	and	Tag	was	at	work	every	night
until	 ten	 and	 on	 business	 trips	 across	 Europe	 every	 weekend—had	 actually	 resulted	 in
Greer	picking	up	a	pen	and	writing	her	first	novel,	Prey	in	the	Saint-Germain-des-Prés.
Greer	sighs.	Thoughts	of	her	first	novel	lead	her	to	thoughts	of	her	twenty-first	novel,
due	 in	 thirteen	 days.	 Well,	 it	 won’t	 get	 done	 now,	 and	 no	 one	 will	 blame	 her.	 Her
husband’s	pregnant	mistress	was	found	dead	outside	her	house	on	the	morning	of	her	son’s
wedding.	Greer	gets	a	pass.

Greer	 stands	 just	 outside	 the	 bedroom	 door,	 where	 she	 can	 hear	 distinct	 words	 and
phrases.	She	loathes	eavesdropping;	she’s	going	to	insist	they	pipe	down.	The	last	thing
anyone	else	in	this	house	needs	to	hear	is	Thomas	and	Abby’s	marital	squabbling.
But	 then	 Greer	 hears	 Abby	 say,	 “I’ve	 known	 about	 you	 and	 Featherleigh	 for	 years,
since	 Virgin	 Gorda,	 since	 Tony	 Berkus’s	 graduation	 party	 at	 the	 Carlyle	 Hotel!	 Amy
Lackey	 told	 me	 she	 saw	 you	 with	 a	 trashy-looking	 woman	 at	 L’Entrecôte	 in	 Paris	 on	 a
weekend	you	told	me	you	were	visiting	your	parents	in	London.	I’ve	read	all	your	texts
and	e-mails	and	picked	through	your	credit	card	bills,	including	the	British	Airways	Visa
Signature	card	you	think	I	know	nothing	about!”
Greer	 stops	 herself	 from	 knocking	 just	 in	 time.	 Thomas	 and	 Featherleigh?	 Thomas?
Featherleigh	is	fifteen	years	his	senior.	Surely	that	can’t	be	right?
“I	told	you,	I	broke	it	off,”	Thomas	says.	“I	broke	it	off	for	good	in	May,	as	soon	as	we
found	out	about	the	baby.”
Wait!	Greer	thinks.	Featherleigh	told	Greer	that	she	had	broken	up	with	a	married	man
in	May.
It’s	 a	 disheartening	 discovery	 indeed	 that	 Thomas	 seems	 to	 have	 inherited	 Tag’s
questionable	morals,	setting	Abby	up	to	be	just	like	Greer,	a	generation	later.
Thank	God	Benji	is	a	Garrison,	through	and	through.
“There	is	no	breaking	it	off	for	good	when	it	comes	to	you	and	Featherleigh,”	Abby
says.	“Look	at	last	night!	I	saw	you	with	her	under	the	tent.	I	saw	you!	And	I	knew	what
was	going	to	happen.	You	were	going	to	appease	me	by	coming	upstairs,	and	then	as	soon
as	I	was	asleep,	you	were	going	to	screw	her	in	the	pool	house!”
“You’re	crazy,”	Thomas	says.	“I	came	upstairs	and	Featherleigh	left,	Abby.	She	left	for
her	 inn	 or	 her	 guesthouse.	 I	 don’t	 even	 know	 where	 she	 was	 staying,	 that’s	 how	 little	 I
cared—”
“She	did	not	leave!”	Abby	says.	“I	sneaked	downstairs	while	you	were	in	the	bathroom
brushing	your	teeth	and	I	heard	her	in	the	powder	room	humming	‘The	Lady	in	Red.’	She
wasn’t	going	anywhere.	She	was	lying	in	wait	for	you.”
At	that	instant,	Greer	figures	it	out.
She	hurries	back	down	to	her	bedroom	and	finds	her	cell	phone.
She	 sends	 a	 text	 to	 both	 Thomas	 and	 Abby.	 It	 says:	 Lower	 your	 voices.	 Everyone
can	hear	you.
Thomas	has	been	having	a	years-long	affair	with	Featherleigh,	and	Elida	found	the	pillbox
in	Thomas’s	bedroom.	In	the	trash.
Well.
Tag	is	the	plotter,	not	Greer,	but	after	twenty-one	murder	mysteries,	she	has	learned	a
thing	or	two	about	motivation.	Greer	saw	Abby	last	night	when	she	went	to	the	kitchen	to
pour	 herself	 the	 final	 glass	 of	 Veuve	 and	 left	 her	 pills	 on	 the	 counter.	 Abby	 had	 either

snatched	 the	 pills	 up	 then	 or	 noted	 their	 existence.	 Much	 later,	 she	 went	 down	 to	 see	 if
Featherleigh	had	left.	She	overheard	Featherleigh	humming	in	the	powder	room	and	must
have	decided	to	put	the	old	girl	to	sleep…	to	keep	her	from	fooling	around	with	Thomas.
And	who	could	blame	her?
Abby	 dropped	 a	 pill	 in	 Featherleigh’s	 drink,	 only	 the	 drink	 had	 gone	 to	 the	 wrong
person.	It	had	somehow	gone	to	Merritt.
The	police	have	ruled	Merritt’s	death	accidental—and	an	accident	it	indeed	was.	Abby
may	not	even	realize	she’s	to	blame,	and	Thomas	will	never	put	two	and	two	together.	The
secret	resides	with	Greer,	and	with	Greer	it	will	remain	until	her	death.
The	future	of	the	Winbury	family	depends	on	it.

Sunday,	July	8,	2018,	2:47	a.m.

NANTUCKET

Nantucket	Island	holds	her	people’s	secrets.
When	Merritt	Monaco	and	Tag	Winbury	get	back	from	the	kayak	ride,	Merritt	is	soaking
wet	and	crying.	Tag	is	a	man	struggling	with	both	fury	and	feelings	of	tenderness.	Merritt
staggers	 off	 down	 the	 beach,	 and	 Tag	 kicks	 over	 the	 kayak,	 bringing	 up	 a	 spray	 of	 wet
sand.	 He	 considers	 going	 after	 Merritt	 but	 instead	 heads	 up	 to	 the	 house.	 She	 can’t	 be
reasoned	with	right	now;	he’ll	have	to	postpone	further	talks	until	after	the	wedding.
Merritt	turns	her	face	just	enough	to	see	Tag	scurry	for	the	safety	of	his	home	base.	She
can’t	believe	how	craven	and	heartless	he	has	turned	out	to	be.	Only	a	few	weeks	ago,	she
found	 him	 standing	 outside	 her	 apartment	 building	 like	 a	 lovesick	 teenager;	 now,	 he	 is
someone	else	entirely.
Merritt	 wrenches	 the	 silver	 ring	 off	 her	 thumb	 and	 throws	 it	 into	 the	 water,	 then
immediately	regrets	it.	This	is	another	childish	gesture	on	her	part.	The	first	was	jumping
off	 the	 kayak	 when	 they	 were	 hundreds	 of	 yards	 offshore.	 Merritt	 was	 like	 any	 other
woman	who	went	to	desperate	measures	to	gain	her	lover’s	attention.
There	had	been	one	moment	when	Merritt	had	believed	she	would	drown.	She	was	so
tired,	so	lethargic,	her	limbs	were	too	leaden	to	swim,	and	she’d	nearly	sunk	to	the	harbor
floor	like	a	stone.
Tag	had	grabbed	her	by	the	wrist	and	hauled	her	back	up	onto	the	kayak.	He	had	been
even	angrier	then	than	he	was	when	they	started	out.
It	was	a	fling,	he	said,	for	fun,	for	a	release,	for	escape.	Nothing	more,	Merritt.	Nothing
more!
You	 were	 obsessed	 with	 me,	 she	 said,	 but	 her	 words	 had	 been	 garbled	 and	 he	 didn’t
understand	her.	If	he	had	understood	her,	he	would	have	denied	it,	but	Merritt	knows	he
was	 obsessed,	 captivated,	 enraptured.	 For	 hours,	 days,	 weeks,	 he	 thought	 of	 nothing	 but
her.
The	problem	is	it	didn’t	last.	The	obsession,	such	as	it	was,	vanished	as	capriciously	as
it	had	arrived.	Merritt	longs	to	inspire	a	more	substantial	feeling,	a	real	feeling—like	what
Benji	and	Celeste	feel	for	each	other.
Benji	and	Celeste	are	the	perfect	couple.	Merritt	wants	what	they	have	more	than	she
wants	anything	else	in	this	world.
It’s	 very	 late,	 and	 Merritt	 can	 barely	 keep	 her	 eyes	 open.	 She	 could	 lie	 down	 on	 the
beach	right	now	and	sleep	until	morning,	but	if	she	does	that,	she	is	sure	to	wake	up	to
Greer	standing	over	her	with	a	disapproving	glare.

Merritt	stumbles	back	up	toward	the	flagstone	path	that	leads	around	the	house	to	the
second	cottage.	She	indulges	in	a	fantasy	that	Tag	is	waiting	inside	the	cottage	for	her	or
that	he	has	left	a	note	or	a	rose	cut	from	the	garden	on	her	pillow.	Anything.
Merritt	 cries	 out.	 There	 is	 a	 rude,	 sharp	 pain.	 She	 lifts	 her	 foot	 and	 pulls	 a	 shard	 of
glass	from	her	soft	instep.	She’s	at	the	edge	of	the	lawn,	where	the	cute	young	girl	dropped
the	tray	of	champagne	flutes.
There	is	blood	everywhere.	Merritt	stumbles	back	into	the	sand.	Now	there’s	sand	in
the	cut.	She	will	have	to	rinse	it	and	hop	back	up	to	the	path.
Salt	 water	 is	 supposed	 to	 cure	 everything,	 but	 Merritt	 doesn’t	 expect	 the	 sting.	 She
looks	down	to	see	a	plume	of	blood	rise	and	she	cries	fresh	tears.	That	girl,	the	niece	of	the
Nantucket	 police	 chief,	 had	 gazed	 at	 Merritt	 with	 such	 wide-eyed	 awe;	 she	 had	 no	 idea
what	kind	of	mess	Merritt	had	made	of	her	life.
She’s	pregnant.	And	alone.
It’s	okay,	Merritt	thinks.	She	will	raise	the	child	by	herself;	she	will	hardly	be	the	first
woman	 to	 do	 so.	 Maybe	 she	 will	 write	 a	 blog:	 Millennial	 Influencer	 Turned	 Unwed
Mother.	Merritt’s	eyes	drift	close.	Rousing	herself	feels	like	pulling	on	a	rope	to	get	out	of
a	deep,	dark	hole—but	she	does	it.	When	she	opens	her	eyes,	she	sees	a	glint	of	silver	on
the	ocean	floor	a	few	yards	away.
Her	ring.
Yes,	she	thinks.	She	should	get	the	ring.	It’s	the	only	present	Tag	will	ever	give	her.	She
will	 save	 it	 for	 her	 baby.	 The	 baby	 will	 no	 doubt	 be	 a	 girl,	 and	 long	 after	 Merritt	 has
moved	on	to	the	next	man	and	the	man	after	that,	she	will	whisper	to	her	daughter,	This	is
a	ring	your	father	gave	me.	Your	real	father.
Merritt	wades	in	and	bends	down	to	grab	the	ring	but	she	kicks	it	accidentally	and	she
has	to	wait	for	the	sand	to	settle	before	she	can	find	it	again.	She	is	unreasonably	sleepy,
too	sleepy	to	stand,	and	so	she	spreads	her	arms	and	legs	out	and	she	floats.	She	opens	her
eyes	underwater.
Where	is	the	ring?
There	it	is.	She	sees	it.
Like	love,	she	thinks,	it	is	just	beyond	her	reach.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I	 want	 to	 start	 by	 thanking	 Detective	 Sergeant	 Tom	 Clinger	 of	 the	 Nantucket	 Police
Department	for	meeting	with	me	to	run	through	procedure.	Because	of	the	nature	of	the
novel	 and	 its	 timetable,	 I	 had	 to	 make	 changes	 that	 would	 not	 happen	 in	 a	 real
investigation.	Rest	assured,	Tom	gave	me	good	information.	His	mother,	Marie,	should	be
quite	proud!
Thank	 you	 to	 my	 brother,	 the	 NOAA/NWS	 meteorologist	 Douglas	 Hilderbrand,	 who
explained	 in	 detail	 how	 fog	 happens.	 He	 also	 advocates	 for	 people	 being	 “weather
ready”—and	after	this	past	year,	I’m	with	him.
Cindy	Auris:	You	get	all	credit	for	introducing	me	to	Meat	Loaf	back	in	the	1970s.	I’ve
been	trying	to	get	“Paradise	by	the	Dashboard	Light”	into	a	novel	for	eighteen	years	and
I’ve	finally	done	it!
My	editor,	Reagan	Arthur,	yet	again	edited	this	book	with	sheer	brilliance.	I	tell	you
the	woman	is	always	right,	and	she	is	always	right.	For	any	aspiring	writers	out	there	who
think	 a	 novel	 like	 this	 comes	 easily	 and	 on	 the	 first	 try,	 I	 am	 here	 to	 tell	 you	 it	 is	 hard
work,	 mind-bending	 work,	 that	 requires	 revision	 after	 revision	 after	 revision.	 I	 am
fortunate	 to	 have	 an	 incredibly	 intelligent,	 thoughtful,	 and	 clear-eyed	 sensibility	 like
Reagan’s	to	guide	me	to	my	final	draft.
To	my	agents,	Michael	Carlisle	and	David	Forrer	of	Inkwell	Management:	I	love	you
both	beyond	words.	You	are	my	people.
To	my	publicist,	Katharine	Myers:	You	are	a	kind,	gentle,	and	patient	woman,	the	calm
eye	in	the	hurricane	of	my	public	life,	and	I	want	to	say,	in	equal	parts,	thank	you	for	all
you	do	and	I’m	sorry	for	the	chaos	and	the	“enormous	changes	at	the	last	minute”	that	are
my	trademark.
To	 Tayler	 Kent:	 Thank	 you	 for	 continuing	 in	 the	 tradition	 of	 great	 nannies	 for	 the
Cunningham	 children.	 I	 couldn’t	 have	 written	 this	 novel	 without	 you	 doing	 the	 things	 I
was	too	busy	to	do	and	doing	it	with	style,	a	sense	of	fun,	and	unwavering	competence.
To	my	friends,	the	women	in	my	barre	class	at	Go	Figure,	and	the	parents	I	have	sat
next	to	in	the	football	stadium,	on	the	basketball	court,	by	the	baseball	diamond:	Thank
you	for	giving	me	a	community	worth	bragging	about.	Special	thanks	to	Rebecca	Bartlett,
Debbie	Briggs,	Wendy	Hudson,	Wendy	Rouillard,	Elizabeth	and	Beau	Almodobar,	Chuck
and	Margie	Marino,	John	and	Martha	Sargent,	Heidi	and	Fred	Holdgate	(Fred	was	a	huge
help	with	all	details	Nantucket	airport–related),	Evelyn	and	Matthew	MacEachern,	Mark
and	Gwenn	Snider	and	the	entire	staff	at	the	Nantucket	Hotel,	Dan	and	Kristen	Holdgate,
Melissa	 and	 Angus	 MacVicar,	 Jana	 and	 Nicky	 Duarte,	 Linda	 Holliday	 and	 Dr.	 Sue

Decoste,	Paul	and	Ginna	Kogler,	the	Timothy	Fields	big	and	small,	Manda	Riggs,	David
Rattner	 and	 Andrew	 Law,	 West	 Riggs	 (who	 helped	 me	 choose	 the	 Winburys’	 boats),
Helaina	 Jones,	 Marty	 and	 Holly	 McGowan,	 Scott	 and	 Logan	 O’Connor,	 Liza	 and	 Jeff
Ottani	(parents	of	my	favorite	child	Kai),	Sheila	and	Kevin	Carroll	(parents	of	my	other
favorite	 child	 Liam),	 Carolyn	 Durand	 of	 Lee	 Real	 Estate,	 who	 showed	 me	 one	 of	 her
gorgeous	 properties	 in	 Monomoy	 so	 I	 could	 better	 describe	 the	 Winburys’	 home.	 Thank
you	to	Cam	Jones	for	the	inside	intel	on	St.	George’s	School,	and	to	Julia	Asphar,	about
Miami	of	Ohio.
Thank	 you	 to	 my	 mother,	 Sally	 Hilderbrand;	 to	 my	 siblings,	 especially	 my	 stepsister
Heather	Osteen	Thorpe,	the	very	best	friend	I	have	in	this	world;	and	to	Judith	and	Duane
Thurman,	who	have	been	second	parents	to	me	for	more	than	thirty	years.
Always,	at	the	end	of	this	page,	I	thank	my	children.	It	is	such	a	bittersweet	year	for	me
as	my	eldest,	Maxwell,	heads	off	to	college	in	the	fall.	I	sold	my	first	novel,	The	Beach
Club,	in	the	spring	of	1999	when	I	was	pregnant	with	Maxx,	and	so	his	life	and	my	career
have	run	parallel.	Maxx	Cunningham:	I	am	so	proud	of	you	and	all	you’ve	accomplished,
but	let	me	tell	you,	the	best	is	yet	to	come,	and	I	can’t	wait	to	see	it.	To	Dawson:	You	are
my	 well-adjusted	 middle	 child,	 possibly	 the	 most	 beloved	 person	 on	 the	 entire	 island	 of
Nantucket,	 and,	 yes,	 you	 do	 take	 up	 90	 percent	 of	 my	 parenting	 energy	 but	 I	 wouldn’t
change	a	thing	about	you	(this	might	be	hyperbole…	look	it	up).	To	Shelby:	You	are	my
hero—at	age	twelve,	already	a	“strong	and	independent	woman”—and	I	strive	every	day
to	be	even	half	the	mother	that	you	deserve.
In	 closing,	 I	 want	 to	 acknowledge	 and	 send	 love,	 strength,	 and	 clarity	 to	 each	 and
every	breast	cancer	survivor	who	reads	this	book.	Thank	you	to	the	hardworking	wonderfolks	 at	 the	 Breast	 Cancer	 Research	 Fund	 and	 to	 my	 medical	 oncologist,	 Dr.	 Steven
Isakoff,	 who	 continues	 to	 keep	 me	 healthy,	 four	 years	 after	 my	 initial	 diagnosis.	 It’s	 a
journey	 or	 it’s	 a	 battle—you	 pick	 what	 you	 want	 to	 call	 it—but	 someday	 soon,	 we	 are
going	to	triumph.	We	are	all	going	to	call	ourselves	survivors.

Want	even	more	Elin?	You	don’t	have	to	wait	for	next	summer!
Tap	here	for	sneak	peeks,	book	recommendations,	and	news.

ABOUT	THE	AUTHOR

Elin	 Hilderbrand	 is	 a	 graduate	 of	 Johns	 Hopkins	 University	 and	 the	 Iowa	 Writers’
Workshop.	She	has	lived	on	Nantucket	for	more	than	twenty-five	years	and	is	the	mother
of	three	teenagers.	The	Perfect	Couple	is	her	twenty-first	novel.

ALSO	BY	ELIN	HILDERBRAND
The	Beach	Club
Nantucket	Nights
Summer	People
The	Blue	Bistro
The	Love	Season
Barefoot
A	Summer	Affair
The	Castaways
The	Island
Silver	Girl
Summerland
Beautiful	Day
The	Matchmaker
Winter	Street
The	Rumor
Winter	Stroll
Here’s	to	Us
Winter	Storms
The	Identicals
Winter	Solstice

