DEDICATION

To	Meg	Bashwiner
and	to	Jillian	Sweeney.

CONTENTS

Dedication
Chapter	1
Chapter	2
Chapter	3
Chapter	4
Chapter	5
Chapter	6
Chapter	7
Chapter	8
Chapter	9
Chapter	10
Chapter	11
Chapter	12
Chapter	13
Chapter	14
Chapter	15
Chapter	16
Chapter	17
Chapter	18
Chapter	19
Chapter	20
Chapter	21
Chapter	22
Chapter	23
Chapter	24
Chapter	25
Chapter	26
Chapter	27
Chapter	28
Chapter	29
Chapter	30
Chapter	31
Chapter	32
Chapter	33
Chapter	34

Chapter	35
Chapter	36
Chapter	37
Chapter	38
Chapter	39
Chapter	40
Chapter	41
Chapter	42
Chapter	43
Chapter	44
Chapter	45
Chapter	46
Chapter	47
Chapter	48
Chapter	49
Chapter	50
Acknowledgments
About	the	Authors
Praise
Copyright
About	the	Publisher

The	history	of	the	town	of	Night	Vale	is	long	and	complicated,	reaching	back	thousands	of
years	to	the	earliest	indigenous	people	in	the	desert.	We	will	cover	none	of	it	here.
Suffice	it	to	say	that	it	is	a	town	like	many	towns,	with	a	city	hall,	and	a	bowling	alley
(the	Desert	Flower	Bowling	Alley	and	Arcade	Fun	Complex),	and	a	diner	(the	Moonlite
All-Nite	 Diner),	 and	 a	 supermarket	 (Ralphs),	 and,	 of	 course,	 a	 community	 radio	 station
reporting	all	the	news	that	we	are	allowed	to	hear.	On	all	sides	it	is	surrounded	by	empty
desert	flatness.	It	is	much	like	your	town,	perhaps.	It	might	be	more	like	your	town	than
you’d	like	to	admit.
It	 is	 a	 friendly	 desert	 community,	 where	 the	 sun	 is	 hot,	 the	 moon	 is	 beautiful,	 and
mysterious	lights	pass	overhead	while	we	all	pretend	to	sleep.
Welcome	to	Night	Vale.

1

Pawnshops	in	Night	Vale	work	like	this.
First	you	need	an	item	to	pawn.
To	 get	 this,	 you	 need	 a	 lot	 of	 time	 behind	 you,	 years	 spent	 living	 and	 existing,	 until
you’ve	reached	a	point	where	you	believe	that	you	exist,	and	that	a	physical	item	exists,
and	 that	 the	 concept	 of	 ownership	 exists,	 and	 that,	 improbable	 as	 all	 those	 are,	 these
absurd	beliefs	line	up	in	a	way	that	results	in	you	owning	an	item.
Good	job.	Nicely	done.
Second,	once	you	believe	you	own	an	item,	you	must	reach	a	point	where	you	need
money	more	than	you	need	the	item.	This	is	the	easiest	step.	Just	own	an	item	and	own	a
body	with	needs,	and	wait.
The	only	pawnshop	in	the	town	of	Night	Vale	is	run	by	the	very	young	Jackie	Fierro.	It
has	 no	 name,	 but	 if	 you	 need	 it,	 you	 will	 know	 where	 it	 is.	 This	 knowledge	 will	 come
suddenly,	 often	 while	 you	 are	 in	 the	 shower.	 You	 will	 collapse,	 surrounded	 by	 a	 bright
glowing	blackness,	and	you	will	find	yourself	on	your	hands	and	knees,	the	warm	water
running	 over	 you,	 and	 you	 will	 know	 where	 the	 pawnshop	 is.	 You	 will	 smell	 must	 and
soap,	and	feel	a	stab	of	panic	about	how	alone	you	are.	It	will	be	like	most	showers	you’ve
taken.
Before	you	can	offer	Jackie	your	item,	there	will	first	be	some	hand	washing,	which	is
why	there	are	bowls	of	purified	water	throughout	the	shop.	You	need	to	chant	a	little	as
you	wash	your	hands.	You,	of	course,	should	always	chant	when	you	wash	your	hands.	It
is	only	hygienic.
When	 you	 have	 been	 properly	 purified,	 you	 will	 lay	 the	 item	 on	 the	 counter,	 and
Jackie	will	consider	it.
Jackie	will	have	her	feet	up	on	the	counter.	She	will	lean	back.
“Eleven	 dollars,”	 she	 will	 say.	 She	 will	 always	 say,	 “Eleven	 dollars.”	 You	 will	 not
respond.	You	are,	ultimately,	unnecessary	to	this	process.	You	are,	ultimately,	unnecessary.
“No,	 no,”	 she	 will	 say,	 waving	 her	 hand.	 And	 then	 she	 will	 name	 her	 actual	 price.
Usually	 it	 is	 money.	 Sometimes	 it	 is	 other	 things.	 Sometimes	 it	 is	 dreams,	 experiences,
visions.
Then	you	will	die,	but	only	for	a	little	while.
The	item	will	be	given	a	price	tag.	Eleven	dollars.	Everything	in	the	pawnshop	is	that

price,	no	matter	what	she	loaned	you	for	it.
Once	you	are	no	longer	dead,	she	will	give	you	a	ticket,	which	later	you	will	be	able	to
exchange	for	the	item,	or	at	any	time	you	may	look	at	the	ticket	and	remember	the	item.
Remembering	the	item	is	free.
You	are	leaving	this	story	now.	You	were	only	an	example,	and	it	is	probably	safer	for
you	not	to	be	in	this	story	anyway.
Jackie	Fierro	squinted	out	the	window	at	the	parking	lot.	There	was	no	one	coming.	She
was	closing	soon.	Relatively	speaking,	she	was	always	closing	soon,	and	also	always	just
opening.
Beyond	the	window	was	the	parking	lot	and	beyond	that	the	desert,	and	beyond	that
the	sky,	mostly	void,	partially	stars.	Layered	from	her	vantage,	it	was	all	distance,	equally
unreachable	from	her	post	at	the	counter.
She	 had	 recently	 turned	 nineteen.	 She	 had	 been	 recently	 nineteen	 for	 as	 long	 as	 she
could	remember.	The	pawnshop	had	been	hers	for	a	long	time,	centuries	maybe.	Clocks
and	calendars	don’t	work	in	Night	Vale.	Time	itself	doesn’t	work.
For	all	her	years	as	the	newly	nineteen	owner	of	the	pawnshop,	she	left	the	shop	only
when	it	was	closed,	and	then	only	to	her	apartment,	where	she	sat	with	her	feet	up	on	the
coffee	table,	taking	in	the	community	radio	and	the	local	cable	news.	Based	on	what	the
news	 told	 her,	 the	 outside	 world	 seemed	 a	 dangerous	 place.	 There	 was	 always	 some
world-ending	cataclysm	threatening	Night	Vale.	Feral	dogs.	A	sentient	glowing	cloud	with
the	ability	to	control	minds	(although	the	Glow	Cloud	had	become	less	threatening	since
its	election	to	the	local	school	board).	Old	oak	doors	that	led	to	a	strange	desert	otherworld
where	the	current	mayor	had	been	trapped	for	months.	It	seemed	safer	to	not	have	friends
or	hobbies.	To	sit	at	work,	head	down,	doing	her	job,	and	then	sit	at	home,	glass	after	glass
of	orange	juice,	radio	on,	safe	from	anything	that	might	disrupt	her	routine.
Her	days	were	spent	in	silence,	mostly	void,	partially	thought.	Some	days	she	would
recatalog	her	inventory.	Other	days	she	would	clean	the	shelves.	Every	day	she	would	sit
and	think.	She	would	try	to	think	about	the	day	she	took	over	the	store.	There	must	have
been	a	day	like	that,	but	she	could	not	think	of	the	specifics.	She	had	been	doing	this	for
decades.	She	was	very	young.	Both	of	these	were	true	at	the	same	time.
She	knew	college	was	a	thing	nineteen-year-olds	did.	She	knew	being	unemployed	in	a
difficult	job	market	and	living	at	home	was	a	thing	other	nineteen-year-olds	did.	She	was
content	doing	neither	of	those,	so	she	continued	on	and	on	and	on	at	the	pawnshop.
She	understood	the	world	and	her	place	in	it.	She	understood	nothing.	The	world	and
her	place	in	it	were	nothing	and	she	understood	that.
Because	of	the	lack	of	working	time	in	Night	Vale,	she	went	off	her	gut	feeling	about
when	 the	 shop	 should	 close.	 When	 the	 feeling	 came,	 it	 came,	 and	 the	 doors	 had	 to	 be
locked,	removed	from	their	frames,	and	safely	hidden.
The	feeling	came.	She	swung	her	feet	off	the	counter.	A	decent	day.

Old	Woman	Josie,	who	lived	out	by	the	car	lot,	had	come	in	with	a	great	number	of
cheap	 plastic	 flamingos.	 She	 had	 carried	 them	 in	 a	 large	 canvas	 sack	 and	 emptied	 them
onto	the	counter	like	loose	change.
“It	is	not	for	myself	that	I	give	up	these	little	ones,”	said	Old	Woman	Josie,	addressing
a	 bare	 wall	 several	 feet	 to	 the	 right	 of	 Jackie	 in	 a	 strong,	 formal	 voice,	 making	 the
occasional	sweeping	gesture	with	her	palm,	“but	for	the	future.”
Josie	stopped,	her	palm	still	out.	Jackie	decided	the	speech	was	over.
“All	right,	man,	I’ll	give	you	eleven	dollars,”	she	said.	Old	Woman	Josie	tightened	her
eyes	at	the	bare	wall.
“Ah,	okay”—Jackie	softened,	prodding	at	one	of	the	flamingos	and	looking	at	its	weak
plastic	belly—“tell	you	what,	I’ll	give	you	a	good	night’s	sleep.”
Old	Woman	Josie	shrugged.
“I’ll	take	it.”
A	good	night’s	sleep	was	a	wildly	generous	offer.	The	flamingos	were	worthless,	but
there	were	so	many	of	them,	and	Jackie	couldn’t	help	herself.	She	never	refused	an	item.
“Be	careful	not	to	touch	those	directly,”	Josie	said,	after	she	was	finished	being	dead.
Using	shop	rags,	Jackie	laid	the	flamingos	out	side	by	side	on	a	shelf,	each	one	tagged
with	 a	 single	 handwritten	 eleven-dollar	 price	 tag.	 Most	 things	 shouldn’t	 be	 touched
anyway,	Jackie	thought.
“Good-bye,	 dear,”	 said	 Josie,	 taking	 the	 ticket	 that	 Jackie	 had	 filled	 out.	 “Come	 by
sometime	and	talk	to	the	angels.	They’ve	been	asking	about	you.”
The	angels	lived	with	Old	Woman	Josie,	in	her	small	tract	home	whose	tract	no	longer
stood,	leaving	it	alone	at	the	edge	of	town.	The	angels	did	chores	for	her,	and	Josie	made	a
modest	income	selling	items	they	had	touched.	No	one	understood	why	the	angels	lived
with	her.	Very	little	was	understood	about	the	angels.	Some	things	were.
Of	course,	angels	do	not	exist.	It	is	illegal	to	consider	their	existence,	or	even	to	give
them	a	dollar	when	they	forget	bus	money	and	start	hovering	around	the	Ralphs	asking	for
change.	 The	 great	 hierarchy	 of	 angels	 is	 a	 foolish	 dream,	 and	 anyway	 is	 forbidden
knowledge	to	Night	Vale	citizens.	All	of	the	angels	in	Night	Vale	live	with	Josie	out	by	the
car	lot.	There	are	no	angels	in	Night	Vale.
Around	the	middle	of	the	day,	Jackie	had	acquired	a	car.	It	was	a	Mercedes,	only	a	few
years	old,	and	offered	with	urgency	by	a	young	man	wearing	a	gray	pin-striped	business
suit	stained	with	dirt.	It	was	impressive	how	he	got	the	car	onto	the	counter,	but	there	is	a
way	 these	 things	 are	 done,	 and	 it	 had	 to	 go	 on	 the	 counter.	 He	 washed	 his	 hands	 and
chanted.	The	water	went	brown	and	red.
She	settled	on	an	offer	of	five	dollars,	talking	him	down	from	eleven,	and	he	laughed
as	he	took	the	money	and	the	ticket.
“It’s	not	funny	at	all,”	he	explained,	laughing.

And	 finally	 a	 woman	 named	 Diane	 Crayton	 arrived	 late	 in	 the	 afternoon—almost
closing	time	according	to	Jackie’s	gut.
“Can	I	help	you?”	Jackie	asked.	She	was	unsure	why	she	asked	this,	as	Jackie	rarely
greeted	people	who	came	in	the	store.
Jackie	knew	who	Diane	was.	She	organized	PTA	fund-raisers.	Diane	sometimes	came
by	to	distribute	flyers	that	said	things	like	“Night	Vale	High	School	PTA	Fund	Drive!	Help
give	 kids	 the	 municipally	 approved	 education	 they	 deserve.	 Your	 support	 is	 mandatory
and	appreciated!”
Diane,	in	Jackie’s	mind,	looked	just	like	a	woman	who	would	be	an	active	PTA	mom,
with	her	kind	face	and	comfortable	clothing.	She	also	thought	Diane	looked	like	a	woman
who	would	be	a	loan	officer,	with	her	conservative	makeup	choices	and	serious	demeanor.
She	 would	 look	 like	 a	 pharmacist	 if	 she	 ever	 were	 to	 wear	 the	 standard	 white	 coat,	 gas
mask,	and	hip	waders.
She	looked	like	a	lot	of	things	to	Jackie.	Mostly	she	looked	like	a	person	lost	in	both	a
place	and	a	moment.
Diane	 took	 a	 handkerchief	 from	 her	 purse.	 Without	 changing	 her	 upward,	 distant
expression,	she	wept	a	single	tear	onto	the	cloth.
“I’d	like	to	offer	this,”	she	said,	finally	looking	at	Jackie.
Jackie	considered	the	handkerchief.	The	tear	would	dry	soon.
“Eleven	dollars.	That’s	the	deal,”	she	said.
“I’ll	take	it,”	Diane	said.	Her	loose-hanging	arms	were	now	drawn	up	near	her	purse.
Jackie	took	the	tear-dabbed	handkerchief	and	gave	Diane	her	ticket	and	the	money.
After	her	brief	death,	Diane	thanked	her,	and	hurried	out	of	the	shop.	Jackie	tagged	the
tear	with	its	eleven-dollar	price	tag	and	placed	it	on	a	shelf.
So	a	decent	day.	Jackie	flipped	the	sign	on	the	door	to	 CLOSED,	her	hand	touching	the
window,	leaving	its	ghost	upon	the	glass,	a	hand	raised	to	say	“Stop”	or	“Come	here”	or
“Hello”	or	“Help”	or	maybe	only	“I	am	here.	This	hand,	at	least,	is	real.”
She	looked	down	to	adjust	the	items	on	the	counter,	and	when	she	looked	up,	the	man
was	there.
He	was	wearing	a	tan	jacket,	and	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase.	He	had	normal	human
features.	 He	 had	 arms	 and	 legs.	 He	 might	 have	 had	 hair,	 or	 maybe	 was	 wearing	 a	 hat.
Everything	was	normal.
“Hello,”	he	said.	“My	name	is	Everett.”
Jackie	screamed.	The	man	was	perfectly	normal.	She	screamed.
“I’m	sorry,”	he	said.	“Are	you	closed?”
“No,	that’s	okay,	no.	Can	I	help	you?”

“Yes,	I	hope	so,”	he	said.	There	was	buzzing	coming	from	somewhere.	His	mouth?
“I	have	an	item	I	would	very	much	like	to	pawn.”
“I	…”	she	said,	and	waved	her	hand	to	indicate	everything	she	might	have	said	next.
He	nodded	at	her	hand.
“Thank	you	for	your	help.	Have	I	introduced	myself?”
“No.”
“Ah,	I	apologize.	My	name	is	Emmett.”
They	shook	hands.	Her	hand	continued	to	shake	after	he	let	go.
“Yes,	well,”	he	said.	“Here	is	the	item.”
He	set	a	small	slip	of	paper	on	the	counter.	On	it,	written	in	dull,	smeared	pencil,	were
the	 words	 “KING	 CITY.”	 The	 handwriting	 was	 shaky	 and	 the	 pencil	 had	 been	 pressed
down	 hard.	 She	 couldn’t	 stop	 staring	 at	 it,	 although	 she	 didn’t	 know	 what	 about	 it	 was
interesting.
“Interesting,”	she	said.
“No,	not	very,”	said	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.
The	man	washed	his	hands	and	quietly	chanted,	and	Jackie	forced	herself	to	lean	back
and	put	her	feet	on	the	counter.	There	is	a	way	these	things	are	done.	She	looked	a	few
times	at	the	man’s	face,	but	she	found	she	forgot	it	the	moment	she	stopped	looking.
“Eleven	 dollars,”	 she	 said.	 The	 man	 hummed,	 and	 other	 small	 voices	 joined	 him,
apparently	from	within	the	deerskin	suitcase.
“Where	did	this	come	from?”	she	asked.	“Why	are	you	offering	it	to	me?	What	would
I	do	with	it?”
Her	voice	was	high	and	cracked.	It	did	not	sound	like	her	at	all.
The	man	was	now	harmonizing	with	the	voices	from	his	suitcase.	He	did	not	seem	to
register	her	questions.
“No,	no,	I’m	sorry,”	she	said,	fully	aware	of,	but	unable	to	stop,	her	poor	negotiating
technique.	“My	mistake.	Thirty	dollars	and	an	idea	about	time.”
“Done,”	he	said,	smiling.	Was	that	a	smile?
She	gave	him	the	thirty	dollars	and	told	him	her	idea	about	time.
“That	is	very	interesting,”	he	said.	“I’ve	never	thought	of	it	that	way.	Generally,	I	don’t
think	at	all.”
Then	 he	 died.	 She	 usually	 used	 this	 time	 to	 finish	 up	 the	 paperwork,	 get	 the	 ticket
ready.	 She	 did	 nothing.	 She	 clutched	 the	 slip	 of	 paper	 in	 her	 hand.	 He	 wasn’t	 dead
anymore.
“I’m	sorry.	Your	ticket.”

“There’s	no	need,”	he	said,	still	possibly	smiling.	She	couldn’t	get	a	good	enough	look
at	his	face	to	tell.
“No,	your	ticket.	There	is	a	way	these	things	are	done.”	She	scrawled	out	a	ticket,	with
the	information	tickets	always	had.	A	random	number	(12,739),	the	quality	of	light	at	time
of	transaction	(“fine”),	the	general	feeling	of	the	weather	outside	(“looming”),	her	current
thoughts	on	the	future	(“looming,	but	fine”),	and	a	quick	sketch	of	what	she	thought	hearts
should	look	like,	instead	of	the	pulsing	lumps	of	straw	and	clay	that	grow,	cancer-like,	into
our	chests	when	we	turn	nine	years	old.
He	took	the	ticket	as	she	thrust	it	at	him,	and	then,	thanking	her,	turned	to	leave.
“Good-bye,”	she	said.
“KING	CITY,”	said	the	paper.
“Good-bye,”	waved	the	man,	saying	nothing.
“Wait,”	she	said,	“you	never	told	me	your	name.”
“Oh,	 you’re	 right,”	 he	 said,	 hand	 on	 door.	 “My	 name	 is	 Elliott.	 A	 pleasure	 to	 make
your	acquaintance.”
The	door	swung	open	and	shut.	Jackie	held	the	slip	of	paper	in	her	hand,	unsure	for	the
first	 time	 in	 however	 long	 her	 life	 had	 been	 what	 to	 do	 next.	 She	 felt	 that	 her	 routine,
unbroken	 for	 decades,	 had	 been	 disrupted,	 that	 something	 had	 gone	 differently.	 But	 she
also	had	no	idea	why	she	felt	that.	It	was	just	a	slip	of	paper,	just	clutched	in	her	hand,	just
that.
She	finished	her	paperwork;	on	the	line	that	said	“pawned	by,”	she	stopped.	She	could
not	 remember	 his	 name.	 She	 couldn’t	 even	 remember	 his	 face.	 She	 looked	 down	 at	 the
piece	of	paper.	“KING	CITY.”	She	looked	up	to	get	a	glimpse	of	him	out	the	window,	just
to	jostle	her	stuck	memory.
From	the	counter,	she	could	see	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket	outside.	He	was	running	out
to	 the	 desert.	 She	 could	 just	 barely	 see	 him	 at	 at	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 parking	 lot’s	 radius	 of
light.	His	arms	were	swinging	wildly,	his	suitcase	swinging	along.	His	legs	were	flailing,
great	 puffs	 of	 sand	 kicked	 up	 behind	 him,	 his	 head	 thrown	 back,	 sweat	 visible	 running
down	his	neck	even	from	where	she	sat.	The	kind	of	run	that	was	from	something	and	not
toward.	Then	he	left	the	faint	edge	of	the	light	and	was	gone.

2

There’s	this	house.	It’s	not	unlike	many	other	houses.	Imagine	what	a	house	looks	like.
It	is	also	quite	unlike	many	other	houses.	Imagine	this	house	again.
Given	that	it	is	simultaneously	not	unlike	and	unlike	other	houses,	it	is	exactly	like	all
houses.
One	 way	 it	 is	 not	 unlike	 other	 houses	 is	 its	 shape.	 It	 has	 a	 house-like	 shape.	 That’s
definitely	a	house,	people	might	say	if	shown	a	picture	of	it.
One	 way	 it	 is	 unlike	 other	 houses	 is	 also	 its	 shape.	 It	 has	 a	 subtly	 unnatural	 shape.
That’s	 definitely	 a	 house,	 but	 there’s	 something	 else,	 something	 beautiful,	 inside	 that
house,	 people	 might	 say	 if	 shown	 a	 picture	 of	 it.	 I	 don’t	 know	 if	 beautiful	 is	 the	 right
word.	It’s	more	like	…	like	…	It’s	actually	upsetting	me	now.	Please	stop	showing	me	that
picture.	Please,	those	same	people	might	beg	a	few	moments	later.	It	is	a	terrible,	terrible
beauty	that	I	do	not	understand.	Please	stop.
Okay,	 the	 person	 showing	 the	 people	 the	 picture	 might	 reply,	 because	 that	 person
might	 be	 good	 and	 caring.	 It	 is	 hard	 to	 say	 who	 is	 good	 and	 caring	 when	 you	 know
nothing	about	a	person	except	that	they	show	other	people	pictures	of	houses,	but	there’s
no	sense	in	going	through	life	presuming	awful	things	about	people	you	do	not	know.
It	would	be	safe	to	assume	that	the	house	is	an	enclosed	structure	owned	and	built	by
people.
It	 would	 be	 weird	 to	 assume	 that	 the	 house	 has	 a	 personality,	 a	 soul.	 Why	 would
anyone	assume	that?	It	is	true.	It	does.	But	that	was	weird	to	assume	that.	Never	assume
that	kind	of	thing.
Another	way	it	is	unlike	other	houses	is	its	thoughts.	Most	houses	do	not	think.	This
house	has	thoughts.	Those	thoughts	are	not	visible	in	a	picture.	Nor	in	person.	But	they
find	their	way	into	the	world.	Through	dreams	mostly.	While	a	person	sleeps,	the	house
might	 suddenly	 have	 a	 thought:	 Taupe	 is	 not	 an	 emotional	 catalyst.	 It’s	 practical	 and
bland.	 No	 one	 cries	 at	 any	 shade	 of	 taupe.	 Or	 another	 thought	 like	 OMG	 time!	 What	 is
time	even?	And	the	sleeping	person	might	experience	that	thought	too.
These	thoughts	may	also	be	shared	in	the	shower.	Grumpy	thoughts.	Angry	thoughts.
Thoughts	that	should	be	unthought	before	interacting	with	the	public.	Thoughts	like	[low
guttural	growl]	or	[knuckles	crack,	fists	clench,	teeth	tighten,	eyes	stop	letting	in	any	new
information,	and	water	runs	down	a	rigid	face].
The	thoughts	are	everywhere.	Sometimes	they	are	quite	literal	and	utilitarian.	There’s

a	rodent	chewing	on	some	drywall	behind	the	headboard	could	be	one	such	thought.
Another	way	it	is	not	unlike	other	houses	is	that	it	houses	people.	It	houses	a	woman,
for	instance.
Imagine	a	woman.
Good	work.
It	also	houses	a	boy,	not	quite	a	man.	He’s	fifteen.	You	know	how	it	is.
Imagine	a	fifteen-year-old	boy.
Nope.	That	was	not	right	at	all.	Try	again.
No.
No.
Okay,	stop.
He	is	tall.	He’s	skinny,	with	short	hair	and	long	teeth	that	he	deliberately	hides	when
he	smiles.	He	smiles	more	than	he	thinks	he	does.
Imagine	a	fifteen-year-old	boy.
No.	Again.
No.	Not	close.
He	has	fingers	that	move	like	they	have	no	bones.	He	has	eyes	that	move	like	he	has
no	 patience.	 He	 has	 a	 tongue	 that	 changes	 shape	 every	 day.	 He	 has	 a	 face	 that	 changes
shape	every	day.	He	has	a	skeletal	structure	and	coloring	and	hair	that	change	every	day.
He	seems	different	than	you	remember.	He	is	always	unlike	he	was	before.
Imagine.
Good.	That’s	actually	pretty	good.
His	name	is	Josh	Crayton.
Her	name	is	Diane	Crayton.	She	is	Josh’s	mother.	She	sees	herself	in	Josh.
Josh	looks	like	a	lot	of	things.	He	changes	his	physical	form	constantly.	In	this	way	he
is	 unlike	 most	 boys	 his	 age.	 He	 thinks	 he	 is	 several	 things	 at	 once,	 many	 of	 them
contradictory.	In	this	way	he	is	like	most	boys	his	age.
Sometimes	 Josh	 takes	 the	 form	 of	 a	 curve-billed	 thrasher,	 or	 a	 kangaroo,	 or	 a
Victorian-era	wardrobe.	Sometimes	he	amalgamates	his	looks:	fish	head	with	ivory	tusks
and	monarch	wings.
“You	have	changed	so	much	since	I	last	saw	you,”	people	often	say	to	him.	People	say
that	to	all	teenagers,	but	they	mean	it	more	with	Josh.
Josh	doesn’t	remember	how	he	looked	the	last	time	each	person	saw	him.	Like	most
teenagers,	he	always	was	what	he	happens	to	be	in	that	moment,	until	he	never	was	that.
There	was	a	girl	Josh	liked	who	only	liked	Josh	when	he	was	bipedal.	Josh	does	not

like	always	being	bipedal	and	found	this	news	disappointing.	There	was	a	boy	Josh	liked
who	 liked	 Josh	 when	 he	 was	 a	 cute	 animal.	 Josh	 always	 likes	 being	 a	 cute	 animal,	 but
Josh’s	 subjective	 sense	 of	 the	 word	 cute	 was	 different	 than	 the	 boy’s.	 This	 was	 another
disappointment	for	Josh,	and	also	for	the	boy,	who	did	not	find	giant	centipedes	cute	at	all.
Diane	 loved	 Josh	 for	 all	 of	 the	 things	 he	 appeared	 to	 be.	 She	 herself	 did	 not	 change
forms,	only	showing	the	gradual	differences	that	come	with	gradual	changes	of	age.
Josh	 sometimes	 tried	 to	 fool	 Diane	 by	 taking	 the	 form	 of	 an	 alligator,	 or	 a	 cloud	 of
bats,	or	a	house	fire.
Diane	knew	to	be	on	guard	at	first,	just	in	case	there	really	was	a	dangerous	reptile,	or
swarm	of	rabid	flying	mammals,	or	a	house	on	fire.	But	once	she	understood	the	situation,
she	was	calm,	and	she	loved	him	for	who	he	was	and	how	he	looked.	No	matter	what	he
looked	like.	She	was,	after	all,	the	mother	of	a	teenager.
“Please	 stop	 shrieking	 and	 swarming	 into	 the	 cupboards,”	 she	 would	 say.	 It	 was
important	to	set	boundaries.
Josh	 sometimes	 appears	 human.	 When	 he	 does,	 he	 is	 often	 short,	 chubby-cheeked,
pudgy,	wearing	glasses.
“Is	that	how	you	see	yourself,	Josh?”	Diane	once	asked.
“Sometimes,”	Josh	replied.
“Do	you	like	the	way	you	look?”	Diane	once	followed	up.
“Sometimes,”	Josh	replied.
Diane	did	not	press	Josh	further.	She	felt	his	terse	answers	were	a	sign	he	did	not	want
to	talk	much.
Josh	wished	his	mother	talked	to	him	more.	His	short	answers	were	a	sign	he	didn’t
know	how	to	socialize	well.
“What?”	Josh	asked	on	a	Tuesday	evening.	He	had	smooth	violet	skin,	a	pointed	chin,
angular	thin	shoulders.
The	television	was	not	on.	A	textbook	was	open	but	not	being	read.	A	phone	was	lit
up,	a	sharp	thumb	tapping	across	its	keyboard.
“Come	 talk,”	 Diane	 said	 from	 the	 cracked	 door.	 She	 did	 not	 want	 to	 open	 it	 all	 the
way.	It	was	not	her	room.	She	was	trying	very	hard.	She	had	sold	a	tear	to	Jackie	that	day.
It	had	felt	good	to	have	someone	explicitly	value	something	that	she	did.	Also,	expenses
had	been	higher	than	usual	that	month	and	she	had	needed	the	money.	She	was,	after	all,	a
single	parent.
“About	what?”
“Anything.”
“I’m	studying.”
“Are	you	studying?	I	don’t	want	to	bother	you	if	you	are	studying.”

“Ping,”	the	phone	added.
“If	you’re	studying,	then	I’ll	go,”	she	said,	pretending	she	did	not	hear	the	phone.
“What?”	Josh	asked	on	some	other	evening.	It	was	a	Tuesday,	or	it	was	not	a	Tuesday.
His	skin	was	a	pale	orange.	Or	it	was	deep	navy.	Or	there	were	thick	bristles	that	plumed
from	just	below	his	eyes.	Or	his	eyes	were	not	visible	at	all	because	of	the	shade	of	his
ram-like	horns.	This	was	most	evenings.	This	was	the	incremental	repetition	of	parenting.
The	television	was	not	on.	A	textbook	was	open	but	not	being	read.	A	phone	was	lit
up.
“How	are	you	doing?”	Diane	sometimes	said.
Sometimes	she	said,	“What’s	going	on?”
Sometimes	she	said,	“Just	checking	on	you.”
“Josh,”	 Diane	 sometimes	 said,	 standing	 at	 his	 door,	 in	 the	 evening.	 Sometimes	 she
knocked.	 “Josh,”	 she	 sometimes	 repeated	 following	 a	 certain	 amount	 of	 silence.	 “Josh,”
she	sometimes	did	not	repeat	following	a	second	amount	of	silence.
“Dot	dot	dot,”	Josh	sometimes	replied.	Not	out	loud,	but	like	in	a	comic	book	speechbubble.	He	pictured	other	things	he	could	say,	but	did	not	know	how.
For	 the	 most	 part,	 I	 do	 not	 like	 taffeta,	 the	 house	 thought,	 and	 Diane	 shared	 that
thought.
“Josh,”	Diane	said,	sitting	in	the	passenger	seat	of	her	burgundy	Ford	hatchback.
“What?”	said	the	wolf	spider	in	the	driver’s	seat.
“If	you’re	going	to	learn	to	drive,	you’re	going	to	need	to	be	able	to	reach	the	pedals.”
The	 wolf	 spider	 elongated,	 and	 two	 of	 his	 middle	 legs	 extended	 to	 the	 floor	 of	 the
vehicle,	gently	touching	the	pedals.
“And	see	the	road	too,	Josh.”
A	human	head	with	the	face	and	hair	of	a	fifteen-year-old	boy	emerged	from	the	body
of	the	spider,	and	the	abdomen	filled	out	into	something	of	a	primate-like	torso.	The	legs
remained	spindly	and	long.	He	thought	he	looked	cool	driving	a	car	as	a	wolf	spider.	He
did	look	cool,	although	it	was	difficult	to	control	the	car.	It	was	important	to	him	that	he
look	cool	while	driving,	although	he	would	not	have	been	able	to	articulate	why.
Diane	stared	him	down.	Josh	took	a	fully	human	shape,	save	for	a	few	feathers	on	his
back	 and	 shoulders.	 Diane	 saw	 them	 poking	 out	 from	 underneath	 his	 shirtsleeves	 but
decided	that	not	all	battles	are	worth	fighting.
“Human	form	when	driving	the	car.”
Diane	 saw	 herself	 in	 Josh.	 She	 had	 been	 a	 teenager	 once.	 She	 understood	 emotions.
She	empathized.	She	didn’t	know	with	what,	but	she	empathized.
Josh	huffed,	but	Diane	reminded	him	that	if	he	wanted	to	drive	her	car,	he	would	play

by	her	rules,	which	involved	not	being	a	three-inch-long	wolf	spider.	Diane	reminded	him
of	his	bike	and	how	that	was	a	perfectly	reasonable	form	of	transportation.
Diane’s	task	of	teaching	her	son	to	drive	took	additional	patience,	not	just	because	of
Josh’s	insistence	on	constant	reassessment	of	his	physical	identity	but	also	because	the	car
was	a	manual	transmission.
Imagine	teaching	a	fifteen-year-old	how	to	drive	a	car	with	manual	transmission.	First,
you	have	to	press	down	the	clutch.	Then	you	have	to	whisper	a	secret	into	one	of	the	cup
holders.	In	Diane’s	case,	this	was	easy,	as	she	was	not	a	very	social	or	public	person,	and
most	any	mundane	thing	in	her	life	could	be	a	secret.	In	Josh’s	case	this	was	hard,	because
for	 teenagers	 most	 every	 mundane	 thing	 in	 their	 lives	 is	 a	 secret	 that	 they	 do	 not	 like
sharing	in	front	of	their	parents.
Then,	after	the	clutch	and	the	secret,	the	driver	has	to	grab	the	stick	shift,	which	is	a
splintered	wood	stake	wedged	into	the	dashboard,	and	shake	it	until	something	happens—
anything	really—and	then	simultaneously	type	a	series	of	code	numbers	into	a	keyboard
on	 the	 steering	 wheel.	 All	 this	 while	 sunglasses-wearing	 agents	 from	 a	 vague	 yet
menacing	 government	 agency	 sit	 in	 a	 heavily	 tinted	 black	 sedan	 across	 the	 street	 taking
pictures	(and	occasionally	waving).	This	is	a	lot	of	pressure	on	a	first-time	driver.
Josh	 often	 got	 frustrated	 with	 his	 mother.	 This	 was	 because	 Diane	 was	 not	 the	 best
teacher.	This	was	also	because	Josh	was	not	the	best	student.	There	were	other	reasons	as
well.
“Josh,	you	need	to	listen	to	me,”	Diane	would	say.
“I	get	it.	I	get	it,	okay,”	Josh	would	say,	not	getting	it	at	all.
Diane	 enjoyed	 arguing	 with	 Josh	 about	 driving,	 because	 it	 was	 time	 spent	 talking,
having	a	relationship.	It	was	not	easy,	being	a	mother	to	a	teenager.	Josh	enjoyed	this	time
too,	but	not	consciously.	On	the	surface,	he	was	miserable.	He	just	wanted	to	drive	a	car,
not	do	all	of	the	things	it	takes	to	be	able	to	drive	a	car,	like	having	a	car	and	learning	to
drive	it.
And	sometimes	he	would	say,	“Why	can’t	my	dad	come	teach	me?”	because	he	knew
that	question	hurt	her.	Then	he	would	feel	bad	about	hurting	her.	Diane	would	feel	bad	too.
They	would	sit	in	the	car,	feeling	bad.
“You’re	doing	a	good	job,”	Diane	once	said	to	Josh,	in	relation	to	nothing,	only	trying
to	fill	a	silence.
So	 every	 other	 time,	 I’m	 not	 doing	 a	 good	 job,	 Josh	 thought,	 because	 he	 didn’t
understand	the	context	of	her	statement.
“Thanks,”	Josh	said	out	loud,	trying	to	fill	the	silence	with	graciousness.
“You	still	need	to	work	on	a	lot	of	things,”	Diane	did	not	say.	“I’m	sorry	your	father
isn’t	here,”	she	also	did	not	say.	“But	I	am	trying	so,	so	hard.	I	am,	Josh.	I	am,	I	am,	I	am,”
she	did	not	say.	As	far	as	things	go,	her	self-control	was	pretty	good.
I’m	really	good	at	driving,	Josh	often	thought,	even	as	he	veered	too	close	to	highway

barriers,	 rolled	 wheels	 up	 on	 curbs,	 and	 failed	 to	 yield	 to	 hooded	 figures,	 resulting	 in
mandatory	citywide	ennui	for	hours.	Night	Vale’s	traffic	laws	are	byzantine	and	kept	on	a
need-to-know	basis	with	civilian	drivers.
Their	driving	lessons	often	ended	in	a	“Good	job”	and	a	“Thanks”	and	a	brief	pause
and	a	divergence	into	separate	silent	rooms.	Later	Diane	would	knock	and	say,	“Josh,”	and
Josh	would	or	would	not	reply.
Diane	hurt.	She	was	not	consciously	aware	that	she	hurt,	but	she	hurt.	“Josh,”	she	said,
so	many	times	a	day,	for	so	many	different	reasons.
Josh	loved	his	mother	but	he	did	not	know	why.
Diane	loved	her	son	and	she	did	not	care	why.
Another	way	the	house	is	unlike	other	houses	is	it	has	a	faceless	old	woman	secretly
living	in	it,	although	that	is	not	important	to	this	story.

3

“KING	CITY,”	said	the	paper.
Jackie	 had	 never	 felt	 fear	 in	 her	 entire	 life.	 She	 had	 felt	 caution,	 and	 unease,	 and
sadness,	and	joy,	which	are	all	similar	to	fear.	But	she	had	never	felt	fear	itself.
She	did	not	feel	it	then.
She	got	to	the	work	of	closing:	wiping	down	the	bathroom	sink,	sweeping	the	floor,
and	 adjusting	 the	 thick	 burlap	 covering	 up	 items	 that	 were	 forbidden	 or	 secret,	 like	 the
time	machine	that	Larry	Leroy	had	stolen	from	the	Museum	of	Forbidden	Technologies,
and	 the	 pens	 and	 pencils	 (writing	 utensils	 having	 long	 been	 outlawed	 in	 Night	 Vale	 for
reasons	of	public	well-being,	although	everyone	still	surreptitiously	used	them).
The	 paper	 was	 still	 in	 her	 hand.	 She	 hadn’t	 realized	 it,	 had	 been	 going	 about
everything	without	realizing,	but	there	it	was.	Still	there.	Dull	pencil.	Smudged.	Hurried
handwriting.	She	put	it	down	on	the	cracked	glass	of	the	countertop.
Now	 it	 was	 time	 to	 feed	 those	 items	 that	 were	 alive.	 Some	 of	 the	 items	 were	 alive.
Some	of	them	were	dogs,	and	some	weren’t.
There	were	lights	now,	in	the	desert.	Low	bubbles	of	light	coming	and	going.	She	had
never	seen	them	before.	She	ignored	them,	as	she	ignored	all	things	that	were	not	part	of
the	small	circle	of	her	days.
There	were	always	things	she	had	never	seen	before	in	Night	Vale.	There	was	the	man
she	passed	in	the	desert	using	a	pair	of	scissors	on	the	top	of	a	cactus,	as	if	he	were	cutting
its	 hair.	 There	 was	 the	 cactus	 that	 had	 a	 full	 head	 of	 hair.	 There	 was	 the	 day	 where	 the
small	crack	that’s	always	visible	in	the	sky	suddenly	opened	up,	and	several	pterodactyls
flew	 out.	 Later	 it	 was	 revealed	 they	 were	 just	 pteranodons,	 and	 all	 the	 panic	 was	 for
nothing.
She	finished	her	check	of	the	inventory.	The	paper	was	in	her	hand.
“KING	CITY,”	said	the	paper.
How	did	it	get	there?
“How	did	this	get	here?”	she	asked.	The	dogs	did	not	respond,	nor	did	anything	less
sentient.
She	 put	 the	 paper	 in	 a	 drawer	 in	 the	 back	 room,	 in	 the	 desk	 she	 did	 not	 use	 for	 the
work	she	did	not	have.

There	was	nothing	more	to	be	done	to	close	the	shop.	If	she	were	honest,	and	she	tried
to	be,	she	had	been	looking	for	excuses	not	to	leave.	If	she	were	honest,	and	she	tried	to
be,	 the	 floor	 had	 been	 clean	 enough	 to	 begin	 with.	 A	 glance	 out	 the	 window.	 The	 low
bubbles	 of	 light	 in	 the	 desert	 were	 gone.	 Nothing	 there	 but	 a	 distant	 airplane	 crawling
across	the	sky,	red	blinking	lights,	vulnerable	in	the	vast	empty,	faint	red	beacons	flashing
the	message	HELLO.	A	SMALL	ISLAND	OF	LIFE	UP	HERE,	VERY	CLOSE	TO	SPACE.	PRAY	FOR	US.	PRAY
FOR	US.
The	paper	was	in	her	hand.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	said.
Jackie	felt	fear	for	the	first	time,	and	she	did	not	know	what	it	was.
For	 the	 first	 time	 in	 a	 long	 time,	 she	 wished	 she	 had	 a	 friend	 to	 call.	 She	 had	 had
friends	in	high	school,	she	knew	that,	although	the	memory	of	high	school	was	distant	and
vague.	The	rest	of	her	friends	hadn’t	stopped	at	nineteen.	They	had	gotten	older,	living	full
lives.	They	had	tried	to	stay	in	touch,	but	it	was	difficult	as	they	moved	on	to	adult	careers
and	kids	and	retirement	and	Jackie	just	kept	being	nineteen	years	old.
“So,	still	nineteen?”	Noelle	Connolly	had	said,	when	they	spoke	on	the	phone	for	the
final	time.	Her	disapproval	was	clear	in	her	voice.	“Oh,	Jackie,	did	you	ever	think	of	just
turning	twenty?”
They	had	been	friends	since	sophomore	Spanish	class,	but	Noelle	had	been	fifty-eight
at	 the	 point	 she	 had	 finally	 asked	 Jackie	 that	 question,	 and	 spoke	 in	 tones	 that	 felt
sickeningly	 parental	 to	 Jackie.	 Jackie	 had	 said	 so,	 and	 Noelle	 had	 become	 openly
condescending,	and	they	had	both	hung	up,	and	she	and	Noelle	had	never	spoken	again.
People	who	grow	older	think	they	are	so	wise,	she	thought.	Like	time	means	anything	at
all.
The	radio	came	on	by	itself	as	she	stood	there,	paper	in	hand.	It	always	did	at	this	time
of	night.	Cecil	Palmer,	the	host	of	Night	Vale	Community	Radio,	spoke	to	her.	News,	the
community	calendar,	traffic.
She	 listened	 when	 she	 could	 to	 Cecil.	 Most	 of	 the	 town	 did.	 At	 home,	 Jackie	 had	 a
small	radio,	only	about	two	feet	wide,	a	foot	and	a	half	tall.	It	was	the	lightweight	portable
edition	(“under	14	lbs.!”)	with	a	mother-of-pearl	handle	and	sharply	angled,	open-beaked
eagles	carved	into	the	upper	corners.
Her	mother	had	gotten	it	for	her	whenever	her	sixteenth	birthday	was,	however	long
ago	that	had	been,	and	it	was	one	of	Jackie’s	favorite	possessions,	along	with	her	record
collection,	which	she	never	listened	to	because	she	didn’t	have	a	license	to	own	a	record
player	yet.
Cecil	Palmer	spoke	of	the	horrors	of	everyday	life.	Nearly	every	broadcast	told	a	story
of	impending	doom	or	death,	or	worse:	a	long	life	lived	in	fruitless	fear	of	doom	or	death.
It	wasn’t	that	Jackie	wanted	to	know	all	of	the	bad	news	of	the	world.	It	was	that	she	loved
sitting	in	the	dark	of	her	bedroom,	swaddled	in	blankets	and	invisible	radio	waves.
Look,	life	is	stressful.	This	is	true	everywhere.	But	life	in	Night	Vale	is	more	stressful.

There	are	things	lurking	in	the	shadows.	Not	the	projections	of	a	worried	mind,	but	literal
Things,	 lurking,	 literally,	 in	 shadows.	 Conspiracies	 are	 hidden	 in	 every	 storefront,	 under
every	 street,	 and	 floating	 in	 helicopters	 above.	 And	 with	 all	 that	 there	 is	 still	 the	 bland
tragedy	 of	 life.	 Births,	 deaths,	 comings,	 goings,	 the	 gulf	 of	 subjectivity	 and	 bravado
between	us	and	everyone	we	care	about.	All	is	sorrow,	as	a	man	once	said	without	really
doing	much	about	it.
But	when	Cecil	talked	it	was	possible	to	let	some	of	that	go.	To	let	go	of	the	worries.
To	let	go	of	the	questions.	To	let	go	of	letting	or	going.
The	 slip	 of	 paper,	 however,	 Jackie	 could	 not	 let	 go	 of.	 She	 opened	 her	 hand,	 and
watched	it	flutter	to	the	floor.	She	stared	at	it.	It	was	on	the	floor.	“Dot	dot	dot,”	the	blank
back	 of	 the	 paper	 said,	 not	 literally,	 but	 like	 in	 a	 comic	 book	 speech-bubble.	 She	 stared
and	stared,	and	it	sat	and	sat,	and	then	she	blinked	her	eyes	and	it	was	back	in	her	hand.
“KING	CITY,”	it	said.
“This	is	getting	me	nowhere,”	she	said,	to	no	one,	or	to	the	dogs,	or	to	the	Thing	that
lurked	in	her	corner.
She	tried	calling	Cecil	at	the	station,	to	see	if	he	had	heard	anything	about	a	man	in	a
tan	 jacket,	 holding	 a	 deerskin	 suitcase.	 She	 couldn’t	 remember	 Cecil	 ever	 mentioning	 a
person	by	that	description	on	his	show,	but	it	was	worth	a	shot.
One	of	the	station	interns	picked	up,	promising	to	take	a	message,	but	who	knew	if	the
poor	kid	would	even	survive	long	enough	to	deliver	it?
“That’s	 okay,”	 Jackie	 said.	 “Hey,	 listen,	 I	 think	 the	 Arby’s	 is	 hiring.	 Have	 you
considered	that?	Their	death	rate	is	really	low	for	the	area.”
But	the	kid	was	already	hanging	up.	Oh	well,	not	Jackie’s	job	to	worry	about	the	life	of
someone	foolhardy	enough	to	be	a	community	radio	intern.
The	shop	was	well	and	truly	closed.	At	this	point	if	she	waited	any	longer	she	might	as
well	lay	out	a	sleeping	bag	and	spend	the	night.	Which,	nope.	So	she	stepped	out	into	the
parking	lot,	jumpy	for	sure.
There	 was	 a	 black	 sedan	 with	 tinted	 windows	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 lot—the	 windows
cracked	 down	 enough	 for	 her	 to	 see	 two	 sunglassed	 agents	 of	 a	 vague	 yet	 menacing
government	agency	watching	her	intently.	One	of	them	had	a	camera	that	kept	going	off,
but	the	agent	didn’t	seem	to	know	how	to	deactivate	the	flash.	The	light	against	the	tinted
windows	 made	 the	 shots	 worthless,	 and	 the	 agent	 cursed	 and	 tried	 again	 and	 it	 flashed
again.	Jackie	waved	good	night	to	them,	as	she	always	did.
Maybe	she	would	take	the	Mercedes	home.	Drive	with	the	roof	down,	see	how	fast	she
could	 make	 it	 go	 before	 the	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police	 stopped	 her.	 But	 she	 wouldn’t,	 of
course.	She	walked	to	her	car,	a	blue	Mazda	coupe	with	double	red	stripes	that	had	been
washed,	presumably,	at	some	point	before	she	owned	it.
“King	City,”	she	said.	The	paper	in	her	hand	agreed.
It	 had	 been	 a	 mistake	 to	 accept	 what	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket	 had	 offered	 her.	 She

didn’t	know	what	it	was,	or	what	it	meant,	or	what	information	it	was	trying	to	convey	and
to	whom.	But	she	knew	that	it	had	changed	something.	The	world	was	slipping	into	her
life.	 And	 she	 had	 to	 push	 it	 out,	 starting	 with	 this	 slip	 of	 paper,	 and	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan
jacket.
She	announced	her	intentions,	as	all	Night	Vale	citizens	must.
“I	 will	 find	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket,	 and	 I	 will	 make	 him	 take	 this	 piece	 of	 paper
back,”	she	announced.	“If	I	could	do	that	without	having	to	learn	anything	about	him	or
about	what	the	paper	means,	that	would	be	just	ideal.”	The	agents	in	the	car,	holding	index
fingers	to	earpieces,	dutifully	wrote	this	down.
Out	in	the	desert,	bubbles	of	light,	low	to	the	ground.	The	echo	of	a	crowd	arguing	and
then	cheering.	For	a	moment,	a	tall	building,	all	glass	and	angles	and	business,	where	there
had	 definitely	 been	 nothing	 but	 sand,	 and	 then	 it	 was	 gone,	 and	 there	 were	 more	 lights,
shifting,	warping	the	air	around	them.	And	the	echo	of	crowds.	And	the	lights.
She	put	the	car	in	reverse,	and	pulled	onto	the	highway,	tossing	the	slip	of	paper	out
the	 window	 and	 watching	 with	 satisfaction	 as	 it	 fluttered	 into	 the	 night	 behind	 her,	 and
then,	 snapping	 her	 fingers,	 caught	 the	 paper	 between	 them,	 where	 it	 was,	 where	 it	 had
always	been.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	Hello,	listeners,	Cecil	here,	your	voice	from	the	darkness,	the	quiet	whisperer	in
your	empty	night,	speaking	to	you	now	from	a	booth	at	the	Night	Vale	Community	Radio
station.	Here	to	bring	you	all	the	news	and	community	goings-on	that	you	need	to	know,
and	hide	from	you	all	forbidden	and	dangerous	knowledge.
Now,	the	news.
There	are	lights	above	our	town,	Night	Vale.	I	am	not	talking	here	about	the	stars.	No
one	knows	what	the	stars	are	or	what	they	intend,	but	they	have	remained	in	mostly	the
same	order	and	have	indicated	no	harm	for	as	long	as	anyone	around	here	can	remember.
Astronomers	keep	trying	to	explain	that	stars	are	distant	suns	in	distant	galaxies,	but,	of
course,	you	have	to	take	everything	astronomers	say	with	a	grain	of	salt.
But	 these	 new	 lights	 are	 not	 stars.	 They	 are	 low	 bubbles	 of	 light	 coming	 and	 going
overhead.	They	are	not	the	same	lights	that	sometimes	hover	hundreds	of	feet	above	the
Arby’s.	Those	lights	are	different.	We	understand	those	lights.	The	new	lights,	however,
are	concerning.
Witnesses	reported	the	lights	changed	colors	when	commented	on.	Some	people	would
say	things	like	“Oh,	look	at	those	orange	lights,”	and	then	point.	And	suddenly	the	lights
would	be	yellow,	and	those	people’s	friends	would	then	respond,	“No,	that’s	definitely	a
yellow,”	but	then	they’d	go	back	to	being	orange.	And	so	on.
That	was	one	such	witness	account,	given	by	Chris	Brady	and	Stuart	Robinson	of	Old
Town	 Night	 Vale.	 Chris	 added,	 “What	 do	 you	 think?	 They’re	 orange,	 right?”	 The	 lights
then	 turned	 yellow	 again,	 and	 Stuart	 concluded	 with	 “Why	 is	 it	 so	 important	 for	 you	 to
always	be	right,	Christopher?”	before	storming	off,	followed	by	a	very	apologetic	Chris.
So	 far	 the	 lights	 seem	 harmless,	 unless	 you’re	 directly	 under	 them,	 in	 which	 case,
they’re	the	opposite	of	harmless,	whatever	that	means	to	you.
Last	 night,	 at	 a	 press	 conference,	 the	 City	 Council	 reminded	 everyone	 that	 the	 Dog
Park	 is	 there	 for	 our	 community	 enjoyment	 and	 use,	 and	 so	 it	 is	 important	 that	 no	 one
enter,	 look	 at,	 or	 think	 about	 the	 Dog	 Park.	 They	 are	 adding	 a	 new	 advanced	 camera
system	to	keep	an	eye	on	the	great	black	walls	of	the	Dog	Park	at	all	times,	and	if	anyone
is	 caught	 trying	 to	 enter	 it,	 they	 will	 be	 forced	 to	 enter	 it,	 and	 will	 never	 be	 heard	 from
again.	If	you	see	hooded	figures	in	the	Dog	Park,	no	you	didn’t.	The	hooded	figures	are
perfectly	 safe,	 and	 should	 not	 be	 approached	 at	 any	 costs.	 The	 City	 Council	 ended	 the
conference	by	devouring	a	raw	potato	in	quick,	small	bites	of	their	sharp	teeth	and	rough
tongues.	 No	 follow-up	 questions	 were	 asked,	 although	 there	 were	 a	 few	 follow-up

screams.
We	 have	 also	 received	 word	 via	 encrypted	 radio	 pulses	 about	 the	 opening	 of	 a	 new
store:	 Lenny’s	 Bargain	 House	 of	 Gardenwares	 and	 Machine	 Parts,	 which	 until	 recently
was	 that	 abandoned	 warehouse	 the	 government	 was	 using	 for	 the	 highly	 classified	 and
completely	secret	tests	I	was	telling	you	about	last	week.	Lenny’s	will	serve	as	a	helpful
new	source	for	all	needs	involving	landscaping	and	lawn-decorating	materials	and	also	as
a	 way	 for	 the	 government	 to	 unload	 all	 the	 machines	 and	 failed	 tests	 and	 dangerous
substances	that	otherwise	would	be	wasted	on	things	like	“safe	disposal”	or	“burying	in	a
concrete	tomb	until	the	sun	goes	out.”
Get	out	to	Lenny’s	for	their	big	grand	opening	sale.	Find	eight	government	secrets	and
get	a	free	kidnapping	and	personality	reassignment	so	that	you’ll	forget	you	found	them!
And	now,	it’s	time	for	the	Children’s	Fun	Fact	Science	Corner.
Here	is	what	we	know	about	sentience.	Sand	is	sentient.	The	desert	is	sentient.	The	sky
is	not	sentient.	Plants	are	intermittently	sentient.	Dogs	are	the	most	sentient.	We	are	not
sentient.	 The	 planet	 as	 a	 whole	 is	 sentient.	 The	 parts	 that	 make	 up	 that	 whole	 are	 not
sentient.	Holes	are	sentient.	We	are	not	sentient.	Gift	cards	are	sentient	until	they	expire.
States	in	which	it	is	illegal	for	gift	cards	to	expire	have	created	immortal	sentience.	Money
is	not	sentient.	The	concept	of	private	property	is	sentient.	Sand	is	sentient.	The	desert	is
sentient.	We	are	not	sentient.
This	has	been	the	Children’s	Fun	Fact	Science	Corner.
Is	 your	 identity	 safe,	 listeners?	 With	 so	 much	 information	 being	 stored	 in	 databases
these	days,	it’s	uncertain	how	we	can	feel	secure	that	our	identities	are	our	own.	There	are
scams	galore	to	try	to	steal	your	credit	card	numbers,	social	security	numbers,	city	citizen
personal	numbers,	neighborhood	resident	tracking	numbers,	and	so	on.
Not	a	week	goes	by	where	we	don’t	hear	of	some	database	being	cracked	open	like	a
fresh	 egg	 on	 a	 granite	 countertop	 and	 personal	 information	 spilling	 everywhere,	 for
identity	thieves	to	just	lap	up	like	a	dog	who’s	allowed	to	be	on	a	kitchen	counter	and	who
likes	raw	eggs.
Here	 are	 some	 tips	 for	 protecting	 your	 identity,	 Night	 Vale.	 Change	 your	 computer
passwords	often.	Most	of	us	are	not	legally	allowed	to	use	a	computer,	but	change	them
anyway,	 just	 in	 case	 you	 suddenly	 are	 allowed	 to	 use	 one	 someday.	 Also,	 wear	 a	 mask
when	in	public,	and	black	out	your	house	number	with	spray	paint.
Finally,	most	identity	thefts	occur	when	databases	are	not	securely	managed.	So,	my
advice?	Don’t	ever	end	up	in	a	database.
This	has	been	Tech	News.
Coming	up	after	this	break,	some	exclusive	clips	from	my	recent	three-hour	interview
with	myself,	in	which	I	interrogated	myself	on	my	motivations,	where	I	am	in	life,	why
I’m	 not	 in	 a	 different	 place	 in	 life,	 whose	 fault	 that	 is,	 and	 why	 I	 said	 that	 one
embarrassing	thing	once.

4

Diane	had	not	seen	Evan	or	Dawn	at	the	office	for	a	while.	Days	really.
Diane	 rarely	 talked	 to	 Evan.	 She	 sometimes	 talked	 to	 Dawn.	 They	 were	 not	 friends.
They	liked	each	other	just	fine.	Dawn	worked	in	marketing.	Diane	technically	worked	in
marketing	too,	but	she	just	ran	a	database.
The	database	was	a	list	of	names.	It	was	also	a	list	of	personal	details	associated	with
names.	It	was	also	a	series	of	personalized	photos	and	histories	connected	to	each	name.	It
was	 fun	 to	 take	 each	 life	 and	 compact	 it	 to	 a	 single	 numerical	 ID	 and	 set	 of	 subtables.
Because	while	hugely	impersonal	and	reductive,	when	combined	with	tens	of	thousands	of
other	numerical	IDs	and	their	hundreds	of	thousands	of	sets	of	subtables,	a	database	could
tell	you	a	lot	about	how	people	behave.
Sometimes	when	she	had	a	little	extra	time—she	often	had	some	extra	time	at	work—
Diane	would	look	up	information	about	people	in	her	database.	She	would	do	research	to
find	photos	or	stories	or	videos	about	them	and	index	those	data	in	their	files.	This	wasn’t
necessarily	 helpful	 to	 anyone	 so	 much	 as	 it	 was	 a	 good	 way	 to	 get	 to	 know	 people.
Between	 her	 work	 and	 raising	 Josh,	 she	 had	 limited	 time	 to	 make	 new	 friends	 or	 go	 on
dates.
When	 the	 marketing	 department	 needed	 data	 from	 Diane’s	 database,	 they	 could	 use
extremely	personal	information	in	their	mailings	to	not	only	customize	a	sales	pitch	to	that
person	but	also	let	them	know	“we	care	about	you	so	much	that	we	looked	up	everything
we	could	find	about	you	in	real	life.”	Customers	were	often	so	flattered	by	this	gesture	that
they	would	send	thank-you	notes	like	“How	did	you	find	all	this	out?”	or	“Who	are	you
people?”	or	“I	have	never	told	anyone	this	fact,	so	how	did	you	know?”
Diane’s	boss,	Catharine,	read	these	letters	and	would	sometimes	let	Diane	know	how
happy	everyone	was	to	receive	their	marketing	mailings	and	what	a	valuable	asset	Diane
was	 to	 their	 company.	 Sometimes	 Diane	 wanted	 to	 ask	 Catharine	 what	 their	 company
actually	sold,	but	she	knew	it	was	not	her	place	to	ask	a	question	like	that.
Most	people	in	Night	Vale	know	there	is	information	that	is	forbidden	or	unavailable,
which	is	almost	all	information.	Most	people	in	Night	Vale	get	by	with	a	cobbled-together
framework	of	lies	and	assumptions	and	conspiracy	theories.	Diane	was	like	most	people.
Most	people	are.
Her	desk	was	not	in	the	same	set	of	cubicles	as	the	rest	of	the	staff.	Her	desk	was	down
the	hall	next	to	the	server	room.	Her	office	outsourced	their	IT	help,	so	it	was	just	Diane
alone	near	the	constant	hum	of	the	servers.

This	was	nice	because	Diane	could	do	personal	work	or	make	personal	calls	when	she
wanted.	 She	 rarely	 did	 this,	 but	 it	 is	 certainly	 nice	 to	 have	 the	 freedom	 to	 do	 what	 you
want,	when	you	want,	especially	if	you	are	not	the	type	to	abuse	this	freedom.
Diane	was	not	the	type	to	abuse	this	freedom.
But	because	her	desk	was	far	away	from	everyone	else,	she	often	felt	out	of	the	loop.
She	certainly	was	invited	to	participate	in	regular	office	activities,	like	low-stakes	betting
pools	 on	 major	 sporting	 events	 (the	 Super	 Bowl,	 the	 Absurd	 Bowl,	 knifeball,	 poetry,	 et
cetera),	 or	 birthday	 cake,	 or	 going-away	 parties	 where	 the	 exiting	 staffers	 would	 take
swings	at	a	piñata	filled	with	bees.
But	 she	 was	 not	 part	 of	 the	 normal	 casual	 conversation	 of	 office	 life.	 She	 did	 not
discuss	 the	 latest	 news	 topic	 each	 morning.	 Diane	 did	 not	 experience	 this	 camaraderie
with	 her	 co-workers.	 She	 knew	 Martellus	 had	 a	 baby	 last	 year.	 She	 knew	 Tina	 liked	 to
cross-stitch	 prayers	 written	 in	 long-forgotten	 languages.	 She	 knew	 Ricardo	 distrusted
birds.	But	her	interactions	were	limited	by	office	geography.
She	could	have	made	an	effort,	over	the	years,	to	leave	her	desk	and	engage	with	her
co-workers,	 but	 she	 had	 not	 done	 this.	 She	 was	 not	 shy,	 but	 maybe	 lazy	 socially.	 Not
willing	to	seek	out	situations	and	connections	that	were	not	already	part	of	her	routine.	Or
maybe	she	was	shy.	How	does	a	person	discover	whether	they	are	shy	if	they	never	have
the	time	to	meet	new	people?
She	 worried	 often	 that,	 without	 another	 parent	 to	 provide	 a	 different	 example,	 Josh
would	learn	only	her	shyness,	and	in	fact	he	seemed	to	have	trouble	making	and	relating	to
friends.	But	better,	she	supposed,	that	he	learn	awkwardness	from	her	than	learn	anything
at	all	from	his	father.
Diane	took	the	job	six	years	ago	because	her	job	at	the	counter	of	Big	Rico’s	Pizza	was
not	 making	 enough	 money	 to	 raise	 Josh	 on	 her	 own.	 The	 company	 took	 Diane	 because
they	needed	someone	who	understood	databases.	Diane	did	not	understand	databases,	but
she	figures	things	out	quickly,	so	she	lied	to	get	the	job.
The	job	market	in	Night	Vale	is	difficult,	what	with	mysterious	hooded	figures	already
doing	 many	 tasks	 (parking	 attendant,	 cartographer,	 dog	 watcher)	 that	 are	 more
traditionally	 done	 in	 other	 towns	 by	 humans	 for	 pay.	 Like	 most	 citizens	 of	 Night	 Vale,
Diane	found	this	situation	frustrating,	but	was	also	gripped	with	an	unspeakable,	trembling
terror	that	kept	her	from	complaining	about	it.
Her	 first	 weeks	 on	 the	 job	 involved	 taking	 her	 work	 home	 and	 teaching	 herself
database	management.	This	was	difficult	because	she	did	not	yet	have	a	license	to	turn	on
her	computer	at	home,	plus	it	took	her	attention	away	from	Josh.	Josh	had	tried	to	talk	to
her	during	those	early	days	of	her	work,	something	about	a	concert	he	wanted	to	go	to,	and
she	had	told	him	she	was	busy	and	to	go	away.	She	needed	the	job	more	than	she	needed
Josh	to	like	her.
Later	she	understood	databases,	having	become	the	person	she’d	lied	about	being,	and
could	get	all	of	her	work	done	during	work	hours.

When	people	asked	what	she	did	for	a	living,	Diane	would	say,	“I	work	in	an	office.
What	do	you	do?”	And	then	she	would	guide	interesting	conversations	about	their	lives,	or
she	would	talk	about	Josh.	Raising	Josh	was	what	she	did	for	a	living,	and	the	office	work
just	allowed	her	to	do	that.
Diane	 never	 really	 spoke	 to	 Evan	 at	 work.	 She	 had	 seen	 him	 many	 times.	 They	 had
shared	comments	at	birthday	and	piñata	parties	like	“Good	cake,	right?”	or	“Champagne
at	 work!	 Great!”	 or	 “The	 sky	 seemed	 especially	 vast	 and	 unending	 this	 morning.”	 The
usual	chitchat.
She	didn’t	even	notice	right	away	that	Evan	was	not	at	work.	Same	with	Dawn.	But	as
days	passed,	their	absence	overtook	the	mundane	humdrum	of	office	talk.	Some	thought
Evan	 and	 Dawn	 had	 run	 off	 together.	 Diane	 was	 not	 comfortable	 enough	 with	 her	 coworkers	to	shame	them	for	their	gossiping.
Some	speculated	that	Evan	had	left	his	family,	that	he	had	a	secret	life.	Some	thought
he	might	just	be	going	through	personal	issues.	Some	thought	he	had	died	and	no	one	had
caught	the	body	yet.
Catharine,	 the	 division	 head,	 called	 a	 meeting	 to	 discuss	 the	 pair’s	 absence.	 It	 was
mostly	practical,	as	they	had	work	that	needed	to	get	done.	Someone	offered	to	drive	over
to	their	homes	to	check	on	them.	Catharine	said	that	would	be	fine.
Diane	almost	never	thought	of	Evan.	But	she	was	thinking	of	Evan	a	lot	one	morning.
Evan	was	thinking	of	her	too.
Diane	looked	up	that	morning.	Evan	stood	a	few	feet	from	the	front	of	her	desk.	He
was	 wearing	 a	 tan	 jacket.	 His	 belt	 was	 a	 darker	 brown	 than	 his	 shoes.	 His	 hair	 was
recently	cut.	His	face	was	clean	and	smooth.	He	was	smiling,	silent.
He	was	not	smiling	like	one	smiles	at	a	co-worker	or	friend.	He	was	smiling	like	one
smiles	for	a	photo	in	front	of	a	touristy	monument.
His	teeth	were	white.	Or,	they	were	almost	white.	One,	his	left	upper	bicuspid,	was	a
little	farther	forward	than	any	other	tooth.	His	teeth	were	not	white,	but	they	were	close.
He	was	looking	toward	Diane.	He	was	not	looking	at	Diane,	but	in	her	vicinity.	She
could	 see	 his	 pupils.	 They	 were	 not	 dilated.	 They	 were	 dots.	 He	 was	 looking	 toward
Diane,	but	his	glance	seemed	to	stop	just	short	of	where	Diane	was.	He	was	smiling.
Diane	said	good	morning	to	Evan.	Evan	turned	his	head	slightly.
“It’s	good	to	be	back,”	he	said.
“Where	is	Dawn?”	Diane	asked,	emphasizing	the	noun.
“Where	 is	 Dawn?”	 Evan	 asked,	 emphasizing	 the	 verb.	 His	 teeth	 were	 stained	 and
crooked.
“Is	everything	okay,	Evan?”	Diane	asked.
Evan	stopped	smiling	and	moved	his	left	foot	toward	her	without	putting	his	weight	on
it.

Diane’s	phone	rang.
Evan	extended	his	left	arm	without	bending	his	elbow.	He	kept	his	eyes	on	the	point
just	in	front	of	Diane.
Diane’s	phone	rang.
Evan	extended	his	fingers.	He	bent	his	right	knee	still	without	putting	any	weight	on
his	left	foot.
Diane’s	phone	rang.
In	his	fingers	was	a	slip	of	paper.	A	small	bead	of	sweat	formed	along	his	upper	lip.	He
was	not	looking	at	her.
Diane’s	phone	rang.
Between	 rings,	 Diane	 could	 hear	 Evan’s	 belabored	 breathing.	 His	 whole	 body	 was
vibrating	from	the	muscular	strain.	Evan	set	the	small	slip	of	paper	on	the	desk.	There	was
writing	on	it.
Diane’s	phone	rang.	She	grabbed	the	receiver,	interrupting	its	full	ring.
“Diane	Crayton,”	she	shouted	into	the	phone.
“Hi,	Diane.	It’s	me,	Evan,”	said	the	tinny	voice	in	her	ear.
“Evan?”
Evan	kept	smiling,	unspeaking.	He	released	the	paper.
“I	can’t	make	it	into	work	today,	Diane,”	Evan’s	voice	on	the	phone	said.	“Can	you	tell
Catharine	that	I	can’t	make	it	into	work	today?”
“Evan,”	Diane	repeated.
Evan	stood	up,	breathed	deeply	in	through	his	nose	and	deeply	out	through	his	mouth.
“I	am	not	able	to	come	to	work	today,	Diane.	Do	you	understand	me?”	said	the	voice
on	the	phone.
“Yes.	I	think.”
Evan	 smiled	 again.	 He	 looked	 at	 Diane.	 She	 saw	 the	 slip	 of	 paper	 on	 her	 desk.	 She
could	not	read	what	it	said.
“Am	I	being	clear,	Diane?”
“Evan,	I	don’t	know.	Where	are	you?	Where	are	you	right	now?”
“I	can’t	make	it	in	today.”
Diane	stared	at	the	slip	of	paper	on	her	desk.	Evan	looked	toward	Diane,	smiling.	Then
he	 turned,	 no	 longer	 looking	 toward	 Diane,	 but	 likely	 still	 smiling.	 He	 walked	 quickly
away	from	her	desk,	turning	the	corner	and	heading	down	the	hall,	out	of	sight.
“Evan.	Hello?”

“Tell	Catharine.”
“Click,”	the	phone	said.
Diane	hung	up.	She	looked	down	at	the	slip	of	paper	on	her	desk.	It	was	not	there.
She	hurried	to	Catharine’s	office.	On	the	way	she	saw	Dawn.
“Hey,	Dawn.	Where	have	you	been?”
“Hi,	Diane.	I	was	home	sick	for	a	couple	of	days.	Feeling	a	lot	better	though.”
“Good.	We	were	missing	you	around	here.	Say,	did	you	see	Evan	this	morning?”
“Who?”
“Evan.”
“Who	is	Evan?”
“Evan	McIntyre.	Works	in	sales.	Sits	in	that	cubicle	right	there.”
Diane	turned	and	pointed	in	the	direction	of	Evan’s	cubicle.	But	instead	of	a	cubicle,
there	was	a	fern	and	an	empty	chair	beneath	a	framed	photo	of	a	cloud.	She	wasn’t	sure
which	cloud	it	was.
“I	don’t	ever	remember	anyone	named	Evan	ever	working	here,”	Dawn	said.
Diane	looked	toward	the	cloud.	Not	at	it,	just	short	of	it.
Dawn	smiled.	Her	teeth	were	white.	“You	okay?”
The	cloud	did	not	say	anything.

5

Jackie	ordered	coffee.	Eventually	coffee	was	given	to	her.	These	moments	were	related.
The	Moonlite	All-Nite	was	packed,	as	it	always	was	in	the	morning.	There	were	few
places	in	town	where	one	could	quietly	have	breakfast	in	the	company	of	so	many	other
people	 also	 quietly	 having	 breakfast.	 There	 is	 nothing	 more	 lonely	 than	 an	 action	 taken
quietly	 on	 your	 own,	 and	 nothing	 more	 comforting	 than	 doing	 that	 same	 quiet	 action	 in
parallel	with	fellow	humans	doing	the	same	action,	everyone	alone	next	to	each	other.
In	her	right	hand	was	the	coffee,	served	in	a	mug	that	said:
JONES	BROTHERS	WEED	WATCHERS	CO.
“WE	WATCH	YOUR	WEEDS	FOR	SUSPICIOUS	BEHAVIOR!”
24/7	AUDIO	AND	VIDEO	MONITORING.

It	was	part	of	the	Moonlite	All-Nite’s	charm.	They	used	mugs	gathered	from	any	number
of	sources.	Sometimes	those	sources	left	strange	stains	or	humming	sounds	on	the	mugs.
This	was	also	part	of	the	charm.
Her	left	hand	clutched	the	piece	of	paper,	where	it	had	been	clutched	since	yesterday
evening.	Earlier,	she’d	tried	burning	the	paper,	but	it	came	back	from	the	ashes.	She	had
placed	the	paper	in	a	small	lockbox,	which	she	locked.	It	got	out.
She	tried	showering	the	paper	away.	Taking	a	shower	often	solved	problems	for	her.
She	would	find	herself	with	thoughts	that	seemed	to	come	from	outside	of	her,	thoughts
that	would	question	decisions	or	offer	suggestions	or	just	consider	life	hazily	in	a	way	that
made	it	seem	like	the	thoughts	could	not	possibly	be	her	own.
When	she’d	held	the	paper	directly	under	the	stream	of	the	shower,	it	had	turned	soggy
and	dissolved,	falling	into	sludge	that	crumbled	toward	the	drain.	But	then	it	was	back	in
her	hand.	Over	and	over	she	destroyed	it,	and	over	and	over	it	returned.
“Finally,	a	dependable	companion,”	she	said	to	the	showerhead,	and	a	thought	popped
into	 her	 head	 that	 was	 barely	 formed	 into	 words,	 more	 a	 general	 image	 of	 how	 often
Jackie	is	surrounded	by	things	she	can	depend	on,	and	how	little	she	thinks	about	them.
She	left	the	shower	as	most	people	leave	showers,	clean	and	a	little	lonely.
Sitting	 in	 the	 diner,	 out	 of	 hope	 for	 much	 else,	 she	 rolled	 the	 paper	 into	 a	 ball	 and
shoved	 it	 into	 her	 oatmeal,	 along	 with	 the	 usual	 blueberries	 and	 salt	 cubes	 and	 cured
salmon.	She	downed	the	entire	bowl	like	she	hadn’t	eaten	in	days,	which	might	have	also
been	the	case.	It	was	hard	to	tell,	as	she	was	hardly	able	to	pay	attention	to	much	more
than	the	paper.	Her	left	hand	twitched,	and	without	looking	down	she	knew.

“Dammit!”	 she	 said,	 stabbing	 the	 paper	 with	 her	 butter	 knife	 and	 then	 repeated
“Dammit”	a	couple	of	more	times	in	a	hopeless	decrescendo.
“KING	CITY,”	said	the	paper.
“Yeah,	yeah,	so	I’ve	heard,”	she	muttered.	No	one	around	her	noticed.	Teenagers	shout
things	a	lot	while	smashing	knives	near	their	hands,	everyone	knew.
The	man	on	her	left	was	poking	the	chipped	countertop	and	whispering	to	it.	His	straw
hat	was	set	very	far	back	on	his	head,	so	that	his	face	seemed	longer	than	it	should	be.	On
her	right	was	a	woman	who	had	set	her	chair	so	it	was	facing	the	door	to	the	diner	and	was
making	a	checkmark	on	her	clipboard	every	time	someone	walked	in.	All	in	all,	no	one
cared	about	a	young	woman	shouting	and	jabbing	at	her	hand.
Coffee	 at	 the	 Moonlite	 in	 the	 morning	 was	 part	 of	 her	 usual	 routine.	 In	 about	 five
minutes,	 she	 would	 put	 down	 whatever	 remained	 of	 the	 coffee,	 whisper	 into	 her	 water
glass	 for	 the	 check,	 pull	 it	 out	 from	 under	 the	 tray	 of	 sugar	 packets,	 where	 it	 would
suddenly	be,	then	place	it	along	with	some	cash	back	under	the	sugars,	wait	for	the	sound
of	swallowing	to	indicate	the	bill	was	paid,	and	then	leave	the	restaurant.	The	typical	diner
rigmarole.
Then	she	would	drive	to	the	pawnshop,	dig	up	the	doors	from	where	they	were	hidden,
and	 replace	 them	 unlocked	 at	 the	 front	 just	 in	 time	 for	 opening	 time,	 which	 was	 the
moment	her	gut	told	her	the	shop	should	be	open.	She	would	sit	there	all	day,	doing	what
she	did	and	no	more	than	what	she	did,	and	then	she	would	stop	doing	that	and	go	home.
There	wasn’t	much	else	to	it,	life.	A	person’s	life	is	only	what	they	do.
But	this	morning	she	did	not	ask	for	the	check.	She	did	not	pay	it	or	leave.	She	stared
at	the	paper	in	her	hand	and	knew	that	she	would	not	do	any	of	the	things	she	normally	did
this	day.	This	knowledge	came	as	a	pain	in	her	stomach	and	a	fluttering	on	her	neck.	It
was	physical,	this	knowledge,	as	a	strong	knowing	always	is.	It	had	more	to	do	with	an
ache	in	her	bones	than	a	notion	in	her	head.
The	paper	had	disrupted	her	routine,	and	her	routine	was	her	life.	Without	it	she	was
just	 a	 teenager	 who	 did	 not	 age	 and	 had	 no	 friends.	 She	 felt	 helpless	 before	 the	 paper’s
power,	even	as	she	did	not	understand	what	that	power	was.
“Fine!”	she	shouted	at	it.
“Okay!”	shouted	a	man	in	a	nearby	booth	at	a	stain	on	his	tie.
In	the	kitchen,	another	man,	in	a	floral	apron	and	a	hairnet,	nodded	at	a	tub	of	soaking
dishes.	“Yep,”	he	said.
People	often	found	themselves	assenting	to	inanimate	objects	in	the	Moonlite	All-Nite.
Jackie	 sat	 back	 on	 the	 cracked	 red	 stool	 that	 smelled	 of	 rubber	 and	 sawdust.	 She
needed	a	plan.	She	turned	to	the	man	on	her	left.
“I	need	a	plan,”	she	said.
“What	 was	 that?”	 He	 looked	 up.	 His	 forehead	 was	 long	 and	 unwrinkled,	 and	 he

appeared	to	be	wearing	a	great	deal	of	makeup.
“A	 plan,	 dude.	 I	 need	 my	 life	 back	 the	 way	 it	 was.”	 She	 shook	 the	 paper	 in	 frantic
demonstration.
“Ah.	Okay,	kid.”	He	flicked	his	eyes	back	to	the	counter	where	he	had	been	staring.
“I	need	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.”
The	man	next	to	her	narrowed	his	eyes.	He	presumably	had	two	eyes.
“What	was	that	you	were	just	saying?”	he	said.
“I	need	to	find	someone	else	who	saw	him.	There	must	be	somebody	in	this	town	who
talked	to	him	and	can	tell	me	about	him.”
He	stared	at	her	with	what	was	probably	a	normal	amount	of	eyes.
“I’ll	need	to	start	talking	to	people.	All	over	town.	Try	to	find	anyone	who	knows	him.
Listen	carefully	to	what	they	say	and	what	they	don’t	say.”
“Did	you	just	mention	a	man	in	a	tan	jacket?”	he	asked.
“Doesn’t	 matter,”	 she	 said,	 turning	 back	 to	 the	 front	 and	 reestablishing	 the	 wall
between	her	and	her	fellow	customers	eating	at	a	diner	counter,	or	the	“eighth	wall”	as	it	is
known	in	the	world	of	theater.
She	decided	to	make	a	list	of	everyone	who	might	know	about	this	mysterious	man.
She	pulled	out	the	pen	she	used	for	writing	tickets	at	the	pawnshop.	It	was	a	promotional
pen	from	a	festival	put	on	by	the	city	a	few	years	ago.
THE	NIGHT	VALE	SHAKESPEARE	IN	A	PIT	FESTIVAL.	FALL	INTO	THE	BARD’S	WORDS.

it	said.	The	broken	leg	had	been	painful,	but	she	did	love	the	pen.
She	searched	her	pockets	for	anything	to	write	on	and	could	find	nothing.	The	blank
tickets	were	kept	at	the	pawnshop,	and	anyway	they	were	only	for	writing	claim	tickets.
There	 is	 a	 way	 things	 are	 done.	 Although	 that	 moment	 they	 were	 not	 being	 done.	 Her
existence	 was	 premised	 on	 everything	 being	 the	 same,	 every	 day,	 and	 the	 paper	 was
insistently	 different.	 It	 was	 impossible	 to	 sink	 into	 a	 blissful	 holding	 pattern	 with	 a
mysterious	paper	in	her	hand.
There	were	no	menus	or	place	mats	to	write	on,	and	then	she	looked	down	at	her	left
hand	and	the	paper.	Of	course.	She	put	the	paper	on	the	counter,	wrote	“LIST”	at	the	top
of	the	blank	side.
Or	at	least	“LIST”	was	what	she	intended	to	write.	Instead,	she	wrote	“KING	CITY.”
“No,”	 she	 said,	 to	 her	 own	 hand.	 She	 crossed	 out	 what	 she	 had	 written	 and	 wrote
“LIST.”
Except	that	it	still	looked	a	lot	like	“KING	CITY.”
“No,”	she	said	again.	She	would	not	accept	it.	Not	this	too.
Maybe	 it	 was	 the	 surface.	 She	 pushed	 the	 paper	 aside	 (where	 it	 immediately	 sprang

back,	the	marks	from	the	pen	completely	gone,	into	her	left	hand)	and	wrote	directly	on
the	counter.
“Hey,”	said	Laura,	the	waitress,	as	she	walked	by.	“I’ll	have	to	clean	that	later.”
Laura	had	many	branches	growing	from	her	body,	laden	with	fruit.
“TEST,”	 Jackie	 wrote	 on	 the	 counter.	 And	 again	 it	 came	 out	 as	 “KING	 CITY.”	 She
yelled	in	frustration.	The	man	with	the	long	forehead	and	the	woman	with	the	clipboard
glared	at	her.	Teenagers	don’t	usually	write	things	while	yelling,	they	thought,	worried.
“Shhh,”	said	a	voice	from	under	the	man’s	hat.
Even	 if	 she	 did	 go	 to	 the	 pawnshop,	 she	 wouldn’t	 be	 able	 to	 write	 tickets	 for	 the
customers,	 or	 price	 tags	 that	 said	 “$11.”	 She	 felt	 utterly	 defeated,	 and	 this	 feeling	 made
her	angry	and	defiant.	What	had	she	done	to	deserve	this?	She	punched	the	counter,	and
then	held	her	aching	fist.
Her	phone	rang.	She	pulled	it	out,	and	the	woman	next	to	her	slipped	in	an	earpiece	so
she	could	listen	along.
“Hello,	Mom?”
“Hello,	dear!”	Her	mom	didn’t	quite	grasp	that	phones	bridged	the	distance	between
people,	so	shouting	was	unnecessary.
“I’m	 sorry,	 Mom.	 I’m	 busy	 at	 work	 right	 now.”	 The	 woman	 with	 the	 clipboard,	 one
hand	 on	 the	 earpiece,	 raised	 an	 eyebrow	 at	 her,	 and	 Jackie	 waved	 it	 off.	 “Do	 you	 need
something?”
“I	can’t	just	call	my	child?	I	have	to	need	something?”
“Of	course	you	can,	Mom,	that’s	not	what	I—”
“But	now	that	you	mention	it	…”
“See?”	Jackie	mouthed	to	the	woman	with	the	clipboard.	The	woman	shrugged.
“What	is	it,	Mom?”
“I	need	to	talk	to	you.”
“I’m	glad	we	could	talk	then.	Was	there	anything	else?”	Jackie	wrote	“KING	CITY”
on	the	counter	again	and	cringed.
“No.	I	need	to	talk	to	you	in	person.	It’s	important.	I	have	something	to	tell	you.	It’s
about	…	Well,	it’s	better	if	you	just	come	and	we	can	talk	about	it.”
Jackie’s	 eyes	 burned.	 She	 wasn’t	 sure	 if	 it	 was	 an	 allergic	 reaction.	 She	 couldn’t
remember	ever	feeling	this	sensation.	She	touched	the	corner	of	her	eye.	It	was	wet.	There
was	 water	 coming	 from	 her	 eyes	 and	 trickling	 down	 her	 cheeks,	 and	 she	 knew	 she	 was
crying	but	she	wasn’t	sure	if	she	had	ever	cried	before.	She	let	all	the	air	that	was	in	her
out,	 without	 using	 her	 mouth	 to	 make	 that	 air	 communicate	 anything.	 This	 lack	 of
communication	communicated	a	great	deal.

“Jackie,	are	you	there?”
“Yes,	 I’m	 wherever	 I	 am.	 Here	 I	 am.	 Mom,	 have	 I	 ever	 …	 I	 mean,	 do	 you	 ever
remember	a	time	when	I	…”
She	looked	up	and	froze	without	actually	stopping	movement.	The	freezing	happened
inside.
One	of	the	cooks	was	staring	at	her.	He	was	tall	and	blond.	His	smile	was	wide	and
warm,	and	it	unnerved	her.	He	was	flipping	burgers	(who	was	ordering	burgers	this	early
in	the	morning?),	but	he	wasn’t	taking	his	eyes	off	of	her,	so	the	burgers	were	landing	on
the	floor,	in	the	sink,	on	the	edge	of	the	griddle,	in	a	haphazard	splash	pattern	starting	from
where	his	spatula	tossed	them.	His	smile	was	so	wide	and	so	warm.	Jackie	didn’t	feel	safe.
“Jackie,	come	on	over.	I	think	this	is	a	good	time	to	tell	you.”
“Okay,	Mom.	Okay,	I’ll	be	there.	I	just	have	a	few	things	I	need	to	do	first.”
She	shut	off	the	phone	and	her	mom	was	gone.
She	would	need	to	start	somewhere.	Old	Woman	Josie	had	mentioned	that	the	angels
wanted	to	see	her,	and	even	though	no	one	could	legally	acknowledge	their	existence,	they
did	 tend	 to	 know	 what	 more	 legally	 existent	 creatures	 did	 not.	 It	 was,	 if	 nothing	 else,
somewhere	to	start	at.	She	got	up	to	leave,	glancing	back	to	the	kitchen.
The	cook	was	still	staring	at	her,	a	burger	in	midflip.	Her	quick	glance	did	not	take	in
its	landing,	and	so,	in	her	mind,	it	was	always	in	the	air,	tumbling,	never	landing,	never
consumed,	only	spinning	and	falling,	spinning	and	falling.

6

Catharine’s	office	had	two	plants,	three	chairs,	two	desks,	one	hutch,	six	personal	photos
in	 standing	 frames,	 one	 of	 those	 clichéd	 motivational	 posters	 on	 the	 wall	 that	 had	 two
crows	tearing	out	the	insides	of	a	reasonably	sized	forest	cat	with	the	cheesy	inspirational
caption,	“Unremittingly,	you	must	stare	into	the	sun,”	and	a	clay	paperweight	most	likely
made	by	Catharine’s	daughter	(it	was	signed
by	your	seed
in	adorable	small-child	handwriting).
Diane	sat	in	one	of	the	chairs	that	had	no	wheels.	The	other	two	chairs	were	empty.
The	 computer	 was	 humming	 and	 glowing.	 Flashes	 of	 colorful	 dots	 disappeared	 and
reappeared	on	the	screen.	A	phone	was	ringing	somewhere	in	the	cubicle	area.	A	phone
was	being	answered	in	the	cubicle	area.
A	 tarantula	 inched	 between	 the	 keyboard	 and	 mouse,	 as	 if	 it	 were	 playing	 the	 game
where	 it	 can	 only	 move	 one	 leg	 at	 a	 time,	 which	 is	 a	 popular	 game	 with	 tarantulas.
Tarantulas	 are	 simple	 creatures,	 Diane’s	 house	 thought,	 but	 no	 one	 was	 home	 to	 receive
that	 thought.	 Josh	 was	 at	 school,	 not	 thinking	 about	 tarantulas.	 Diane	 was	 in	 the	 office,
trying	not	to	think	about	Josh.
The	door	opened	and	Catharine	said,	“Sorry	about	making	you	wait	so	long,”	but	she
said	it	in	a	way	that	a	person	says,	“Sorry	about	the	loss	of	your	pet.”	Catharine	was	either
expertly	empathetic	or	completely	disingenuous.	It	depended	on	what	you	needed	a	boss
to	be.	In	this	way	Catharine	was	a	good	boss.
Catharine	sat	down	in	the	chair	that	had	wheels	and	was	between	the	two	desks.	She
shoved	 papers	 and	 their	 paperweight	 out	 from	 the	 center	 of	 the	 desk,	 creating	 a	 small,
clean	triangle	of	oak	desktop	between	her	and	Diane.
“How’s	Josh?”	Catharine	asked.
“Josh?”	 Diane	 was	 not	 expecting	 small	 talk.	 Nor	 did	 she	 expect	 Catharine	 to
remember	her	son’s	name.	She	had	always	gotten	along	fine	with	her	boss,	but	they	had
spoken	 only	 once	 or	 twice	 in	 her	 entire	 time	 with	 the	 company.	 Catharine	 had	 always
seemed	fair	and	kind,	as	things	go,	but	also	stressed	and	distracted.
“Josh,	right?	Your	son?	How	is	he?	Still	taking	different	physical	forms	all	the	time?”
“Oh,	he’s	fine.	Just	fine.”
“That’s	unspecific,	but	I	will	not	press	you	for	more	if	you	do	not	wish	to	mix	work

and	 home	 lives,”	 Catharine	 said,	 without	 moving	 her	 neck	 or	 eyes.	 “I	 legitimately	 am
interested	in	Josh.	I	met	him	a	couple	of	years	ago,	when	we	saw	each	other	at	the	Ralphs.
You	were	looking	at	different	cereal	packages,	and	Josh	that	day	had—oh,	I	remember—
such	long	fingers	and	ears,	big	dark	eyes,	and	beautiful	black	wings.	He	was	a	handsome
boy.”
“Yes.	He	is	a	handsome	boy.”
“And	 I	 was	 buying	 metal	 cleaner	 and	 a	 thirty-two-pack	 of	 meat	 thermometers.	 I
remember	that	day	well.”	Catharine	frowned,	her	eyes	briefly	sad	before	she	was	able	to
compose	her	face	back	to	neutral.	“How	is	he	doing	at	school?	He	must	be	fifteen	now.	Is
he	dating	yet?”
“I	think	maybe	he	has	an	interest.”
“You	don’t	have	to	answer	that	if	you	do	not	wish.”	Catharine	raised	one	hand	in	the
air,	fingers	together,	palm	facing	Diane.
Diane	 looked	 at	 Catharine’s	 forceful	 but	 caring	 gesture,	 and	 then	 up	 a	 bit	 along	 her
arm.	 The	 tarantula,	 which	 had	 been	 near	 the	 computer	 earlier,	 was	 now	 on	 Catharine’s
shoulder.	It	had	one	leg	in	the	air,	pointing	toward	Diane.	It	was	possible	that	the	creature
was	 still	 walking	 slowly,	 but	 Diane	 hoped	 it	 was	 instead	 mimicking	 its	 owner’s	 arm
gesture.
Imagining	 this,	 Diane	 smiled	 a	 small	 smile.	 Catharine	 smiled	 a	 small	 smile	 in
unconscious	response.
Catharine	had	no	idea	the	tarantula	was	there.	She	was,	in	fact,	terrified	of	spiders.	She
couldn’t	 even	 look	 at	 a	 photo	 of	 one	 without	 panicking	 or	 possibly	 passing	 out.	 Diane
misunderstood	the	situation.
Catharine	thought	she	was	connecting	to	an	employee	on	an	emotional	level.	Catharine
also	misunderstood	the	situation.
“Oh	no,	it’s	fine,”	Diane	said.	“He’s	fifteen.	You	know	how	it	is.	He	doesn’t	talk	too
much	about	what	kids	he	likes.”
“That’s	 probably	 for	 the	 best.	 It’s	 tough	 to	 talk	 with	 parents	 about	 romance	 and	 sex
and	 dating.	 I	 remember	 being	 that	 age.	 I	 remember	 being	 almost	 all	 of	 the	 ages	 I	 have
been.”
The	tarantula	had	turned	and	was	crawling	down	Catharine’s	upper	arm.	Diane	thought
it	would	be	nice	to	have	a	pet	at	the	office.	Like	goldfish.	Could	she	take	care	of	goldfish
at	her	desk?	They	make	a	lot	of	noise,	and	you	have	to	feed	them	mice	every	week,	Diane
thought.	Maybe	not.
“Tell	me	what	I	can	help	you	with,	Diane,”	Catharine	said.
“I	wanted	to	talk	to	you	about	Evan.	About	what	happened	last	week	with	Evan	and
Dawn	being	absent.”
“Right.	Your	insistence	that	someone	named	Evan	worked	here.”	Catharine	tilted	her

head.
“Well,	about	the	misunderstanding	we	had	about	Evan.”
Catharine	did	nothing.
“It	was	a—”	Diane	weighed	the	difference	between	accepting	blame	for	an	action	and
claiming	 that	 action.	 On	 the	 one	 hand,	 she	 could	 protect	 her	 job,	 her	 reputation.	 On	 the
other	hand,	she	could	act	based	on	what	she	understood	to	be	a	reality—that	a	man	named
Evan	used	to	work	in	her	office.
She	had	gotten	in	some	arguments	with	her	co-workers	in	both	HR	and	finance	over
this	issue.	She	wanted	Catharine	to	help	resolve	it,	but	she	also	knew	her	insistence	was
beginning	to	reflect	poorly	on	her.
Diane’s	head	pulsed	with	what	wasn’t	quite	a	headache.	It	sounded	like	her	own	voice
was	different,	or	like	it	belonged	to	someone	else.
She	also	considered	that	in	the	place	where	she	thought	Evan’s	desk	was,	there	was	no
desk	at	all.	Maybe	her	co-workers	were	right.	She	began	to	sell	herself	on	the	idea	that	she
must	have	lost	her	mind,	or	a	part	of	her	mind,	for	a	moment.	That	perhaps	she	should	see
a	doctor.	Like	most	people	in	Night	Vale,	she	wasn’t	sure	what	doctors	did,	exactly,	but	it
was	rumored	that	there	were	benefits	to	their	secretive	activities.
Diane	 had	 many	 thoughts	 in	 a	 breath-long	 conversational	 hesitation.	 The	 tarantula
didn’t	even	have	time	to	take	a	step.
“—a	mistake,”	Diane	continued,	the	pause	almost	indistinguishable	from	a	stutter.	“I
don’t	know	how	I	thought	that	there	was	a	man	named,	umm	…”
And	for	a	flicker	she	did	not	remember	anything	about	the	man,	let	alone	his	name.
“Evan,”	she	recovered,	“who	worked	here.”
“I	understand,”	said	Catharine.
“But	I’m	curious.	Was	there	ever	an	employee	by	that	name,	or	a	similar	name?	Was	I
close?	Was	I	maybe	conflating	this	person	with	someone	else?	I’m	just	trying	to	not,	feel
crazy,	you	know?”
Diane	laughed.	Catharine	did	not	laugh.
“Not	off	the	top	of	my	head,	no.	I	will	look,	and	I	will	let	you	know.	There	used	to	be
an	Alan,	I	think,	who	was	a	sales	associate.”
“Oh,	I	remember	Alan.	No,	not	him.”
“It	will	be	difficult	to	help	if	you	create	a	Culture	of	No,	Diane.”
They	 both	 laughed	 at	 this.	 It	 was	 an	 excellent	 dry	 joke,	 Catharine	 thought.	 I	 am
connecting	with	people,	Catharine	thought.	What	in	the	hell?	Diane	thought.
“Seriously,	I	will	look	into	it,	Diane.	I	am	glad	Dawn	is	back	and	that	we	have	our	full
staff	together	again.”

“Yes,	 I	 was—Well,	 I	 don’t	 know	 if	 you	 were,	 but	 it	 was	 stressing	 me	 out,	 not
knowing.”
“Not	knowing?”	The	tarantula	was	stepping	off	the	back	of	Catharine’s	elbow,	trying
to	reach	the	armrest.
“You	 held	 a	 staff	 meeting	 where	 we	 discussed	 Dawn	 and	 Ev——Dawn’s	 absence.
That	she	was	missing	for	a	few	days	and	no	one	could	get	hold	of	her.	We	offered	to	drive
to	her	house	and—”
“When	was	this?”	Catharine	swiveled	her	chair	around	to	her	computer	and	jerked	the
mouse	 back	 and	 forth	 in	 three	 equal	 swipes.	 The	 colorful	 dots	 and	 darkness	 faded,	 and
Catharine	clicked	on	her	calendar.	The	tarantula	retracted	its	exploratory	leg.
“Tuesday.”
“Time?”
“Morning	I	think.	I	think	it	was	a	morning—”
“There’s	 nothing	 on	 my	 calendar	 that	 morning.	 We	 had	 an	 operations	 meeting	 that
afternoon,	but	you	wouldn’t	have	been	at	that.	Nothing	in	the	days	around	Tuesday.	We
had	a	staff	meeting	on	Thursday,	but	Dawn	was	back	that	day.	Dawn	was	only	gone	four
days,	and	she	had	been	calling	in	sick	each	day,	Diane.”
Catharine	turned	back	from	her	computer.	The	tarantula,	still	on	her	arm,	turned	with
her.
“Have	you	talked	to	Dawn?”	she	said.
“Yes.	No.	Not	in	detail.”
“You	should	talk	to	Dawn.”
“I	will.	I	definitely	will.”
“Diane.	You	should	also	give	yourself	some	time	off.	I	want	a	healthy	staff,	a	happy
staff.	I	want	you	to	take	care	of	your	migraines.”
Diane	had	never	had	migraines	and	wasn’t	sure	what	Catharine	was	talking	about.	She
thought	that	perhaps	it	was	a	different	day	than	she	thought	it	was,	or	that	Catharine	was
not	her	boss	but	another	person	wearing	a	mask.	Nothing	seemed	right.
“I	will.	I’ll	take	care	of	…	them.	And	I’ll	talk	to	Dawn.”
“Wonderful.”	Catharine	turned	her	chair	back	toward	Diane	again.	“And,	Diane.”
Diane,	standing	to	leave,	paused.
“Thank	you.”
“No.	 Thank	 you,	 Catharine.	 Thanks	 for	 the	 …	 thanks	 for	 being	 patient.	 I	 was
confused.”
“You	 are	 welcome.”	 Catharine’s	 fingers	 were	 together	 again,	 fitting	 neatly	 into	 the
cleared	triangle	of	her	desk.

The	tarantula	had	reached	the	armrest	and	was	just	dragging	its	brown	bulk	onto	the
desk.	It	pulled	itself	next	to	a	photo	of	a	young	Catharine	and	a	younger	boy.
“Catharine,	can	I	ask	an	unrelated	question?”
“Any	time,	Diane.”
“What	is	her	name?”	Diane	asked,	pointing	to	the	spider.
“Whose	name?”
“Or	his.	I	apologize.	I	shouldn’t	assume	gender.”
“Ah.	Of	course.	This	is	a	he,”	Catharine	said	with	a	rigid	smile,	reaching	her	hand	out
in	 the	 direction	 of	 the	 tarantula.	 The	 tarantula	 stopped.	 It	 seemed	 to	 stare	 at	 Catharine’s
hand.	Or	it	could	have	just	sensed	motion	above	it	and	frozen.
Tarantulas	are	simple	creatures,	Diane	thought,	not	knowing	where	the	thought	came
from.
Catharine’s	 hand	 wrapped	 around	 the	 side	 of	 the	 picture	 of	 her	 and	 the	 boy.	 The
tarantula	brushed	one	leg	against	Catharine’s	middle	finger.	She	felt	it	but	did	not	know
what	the	feeling	was	and	thus,	like	most	things	she	does	not	understand,	she	ignored	it.
“This	is	a	photo	of	me	with	my	son,	Kim.”
It	 took	 Diane	 a	 moment	 to	 connect	 her	 mental	 narrative	 with	 the	 visible	 reality.	 But
when	 she	 processed	 that	 Catharine	 was	 talking	 about	 the	 photo	 of	 the	 boy	 and	 not	 the
tarantula,	she	understood	clearly.
“I	understand	clearly,”	Diane	said.
“What	a	weird	response.”
“He’s	beautiful,	I	meant.	I	meant	you	are	both	beautiful	in	that	photo.”
“We	were	younger	in	that	photo.	There	are	other	photos	where	we	are	older.”
“Time.”	Diane	guffawed.
Catharine	reciprocated.	“Right?	What	is	time	even?”
Catharine	took	her	hand	away	from	the	photo	frame.	The	tarantula	set	its	foot	back	on
the	desk.	Diane	completed	her	movement	to	stand	up.
“Go	talk	to	Dawn.”
“I	will.”
Catharine	turned	back	to	her	computer	knowing	she	had	reports	to	write.
Diane	left	Catharine’s	office	knowing	she	needed	to	talk	to	Dawn.
The	tarantula	stared	at	the	ceiling	not	knowing	at	all	what	a	ceiling	is.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	…	which	implied	a	lot	while	saying	little.	Indeed	the	same	could	be	said	for	the
rest	of	the	planets	in	the	solar	system.	None	of	them	commented.
Our	 town	 is	 once	 again	 facing	 a	 serious	 tarantula	 problem.	 The	 Night	 Vale	 Unified
School	District	indicated	that	fewer	than	one	in	five	tarantulas	graduate	from	high	school.
Indeed,	most	spiders	never	even	enroll	in	public	education,	choosing	to	instead	spin	webs
and	eat	smaller	insects.
Tarantulas	are	simple	creatures,	thought	PTA	Treasurer	Diane	Crayton	today,	without
ever	voicing	that	sentence	aloud	to	anyone,	according	to	several	reliable	and	invasive	spy
satellites	that	were	scanning	her	brain	at	the	time.
We	 reached	 out	 to	 the	 tarantula	 community	 for	 a	 response	 to	 Diane’s	 privately	 held
opinion,	and	were	immediately	crawled	upon	by	several	of	them.	I	think	they	are	gone,	but
I	am	feeling	a	vague	tickling	on	my	back	that	I	am	afraid	to	investigate.
Maybe	I’m	developing	migraines.	I	should	ask	Carlos	about	that.
Listeners,	 the	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police	 are	 out	 in	 large	 numbers	 tonight	 in	 Night	 Vale.
They	are	not	looking	for	a	killer	or	a	missing	person.	There	is	no	disaster	or	accident	to
handle.	They	are	simply	wandering	around	town	in	large	numbers.	Some	of	these	police
are	 working,	 sitting	 in	 patrol	 cars	 waiting	 for	 minor	 traffic	 infractions	 or	 calls	 to	 duty.
Some	 of	 these	 police	 are	 not	 working.	 They	 are	 out	 to	 dinner	 with	 their	 families,	 or
watching	 a	 popular	 sporting	 event	 on	 a	 bar	 television	 with	 friends.	 Some	 are	 reading
books	or	catching	up	on	television	shows.	Some	are	working	late	in	a	secret	precinct	office
probably	hidden	in	that	heavy-looking,	unmoving	cloud.
The	secret	police	are	out	in	large	numbers	tonight.	Nearly	every	member	of	the	secret
police	is	somewhere	in	Night	Vale.	They	all	exist.	We	feel	very	safe.
More	news	next,	but	first	a	brief	word	from	our	sponsors.
Pepsi.	A	refreshing	drink.	A	soft	tone	playing	when	you	wake	up,	but	then	it	is	gone
and	 you	 don’t	 know	 if	 you	 dreamed	 it.	 A	 hallway	 glimpsed	 in	 the	 back	 of	 your
refrigerator,	but	when	you	look	again	it	is	gone.	The	recurring	feeling	that	your	shower	is
losing	 faith	 in	 you.	 Desperation.	 Hunger.	 Starving,	 not	 literally,	 but	 still.	 That	 hallway
again,	lined	with	doors	that	you	know	you	can	open.	Your	fridge	is	empty.	You	haven’t	left
your	home	in	days,	and	yet	you	come	and	go.	This	isn’t	food.	What	are	you	eating?
Pepsi:	Drink	Coke.
The	 City	 Council	 held	 their	 third	 press	 conference	 in	 as	 many	 hours	 to	 reiterate	 the

extreme	dangers	posed	by	angels.
“There	is	no	such	thing	as	an	angel,”	said	the	council,	in	their	unified	manyvoice,	“but
if	there	were,	what	a	dangerous	and	disgusting	creature	it	would	be.	Think	of	its	many	legs
and	its	ghastly	voice.	Think	of	an	angel	as	a	murderer	hiding	in	your	home.	Think	of	an
angel	as	the	very	concept	of	meaningless	injury	and	death.	You’ll	have	to	imagine	all	of
this	because	angels	do	not	exist.”
“Stay	away	from	them,”	they	concluded.
We	now	return	you	to	the	sound	of	whatever	is	around	you,	which	is	probably	a	great
deal	more	sound	than	you	think,	only	some	of	which	indicates	future	harm	for	you.

7

Old	Woman	Josie	would	come	first.	Jackie	could	visit	her	mother	later.
Josie’s	house	was	near	the	edge	of	town,	next	to	the	used	car	lot.	When	a	person	was
done	with	a	car,	and	they	didn’t	need	to	pawn	it,	they	would	park	it	in	the	used	car	lot,
open	the	door,	and	run	as	fast	they	could	for	the	fence,	before	the	used	car	salesmen	could
catch	them.	No	one	ever	came	to	buy	one.	The	used	car	salesmen	loped	between	the	lines
of	cars,	their	hackles	raised	and	their	fur	on	end.	They	would	stroke	the	hood	of	a	Toyota
Sienna,	 radiant	 with	 heat	 in	 the	 desert	 sun,	 or	 poke	 curiously	 at	 the	 bumper	 of	 a
Volkswagen	Golf,	nearly	dislodged	by	potholes	and	tied	on	with	a	few	zip	ties.	The	used
car	 salesmen	 were	 fast	 and	 ravenous,	 and	 sometimes	 a	 person	 who	 meant	 only	 to	 leave
their	car	would	leave	much	more	than	that.
Jackie	parked	her	car	down	the	street	to	avoid	any	confusion	with	the	salesmen.	Her
stomach	hurt,	not	like	she	had	eaten	something	bad	but	like	she	had	done	something	bad.
It	 was	 a	 stabbing	 pain	 on	 her	 right	 side.	 Maybe	 her	 appendix	 had	 burst.	 That’s	 a	 thing,
right?
Jackie	was	not	at	work.	She	had	left	her	routines	fully.	In	her	hand	was	a	paper.	In	her
mind	were	vague	memories	of	a	man	with	a	tan	jacket,	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase.
She	 approached	 the	 house.	 It	 was	 a	 low	 bungalow,	 avocado	 green,	 with	 a	 neat	 lawn
kept	well	watered	in	the	dry	climate	at	the	expense	of	some	other	place	far	away	and	out
of	 mind.	 The	 lawn	 was	 surrounded	 by	 a	 border	 of	 pebbles,	 arranged	 into	 geometric
patterns	 that	 were	 perhaps	 meant	 to	 ward	 away	 evil	 or	 might	 have	 just	 been	 the	 way
earthquakes	had	left	them.	The	fence	between	the	house	and	the	car	lot	was	tall	and	chain
link.	A	used	car	salesman	howled,	hopping	from	car	roof	to	car	roof	with	an	animal	joy.
Jackie	 creaked	 open	 the	 metal	 gate	 into	 Josie’s	 side	 yard,	 with	 an	 outdoor	 sitting	 area
made	of	rusted	metal	rocking	chairs	with	cushions	whose	fabric	was	faded	nearly	all	the
way	to	white	by	the	sun.
“Can	I	help	you?”
She	 turned.	 There	 was	 a	 being	 that	 was	 difficult	 to	 describe,	 although	 the	 best	 and
most	illegal	description	was	“angel.”	Angels	are	tall,	genderless	beings	who	are	all	named
Erika.
“I	was	just	doing	some	trimming,”	the	being	said.	They	were	holding	hedge	trimmers
and	standing	by	an	empty	patch	of	dirt.	There	were	no	plants	of	any	kind	anywhere	near
them.

“I’m	looking	for	Old	Woman	Josie,”	Jackie	said.
The	 being	 shifted.	 There	 was	 the	 crack	 of	 heavy	 wings	 flapping	 and	 a	 flash	 of	 a
blinding,	bright	blackness,	a	darkness	so	radiant	it	seemed	to	Jackie	her	heart	would	break.
“Josie?”	the	being	said.	“Sure.	She’s	around.	Let	me	go	get	her.”	They	didn’t	move.
“Ah,	 okay.	 Thanks,	 man,”	 Jackie	 said.	 The	 being	 still	 did	 not	 move.	 “I’ll	 just	 knock
then?”
“No	 need,”	 said	 Josie.	 “Erika	 got	 me.”	 She	 was	 walking	 in	 from	 the	 backyard,
hunched	over	a	cane,	her	long	hair	in	strings	over	her	face.	But	there	was	something	about
her	 body	 that	 seemed	 powerful,	 like	 an	 Olympic	 athlete	 perched	 on	 an	 old	 woman’s
skeleton.
“Great,”	Jackie	said.	“Thanks,	Erika.”	The	being	still	did	not	move.	A	flock	of	birds
took	off	from	a	tree	on	the	street,	bird	after	bird,	more	birds	than	could	possibly	fit	in	a
tree.	They	seemed	confused,	cawing	and	flying	into	each	other.
“What	can	I	do	for	you	today,	young	Jackie	Fierro?”	said	Josie.	“Finally	taking	a	day
off	and	enjoying	yourself?”
“Nah,	just	wanted	to	ask	you	about	some	stuff.”	More	pain.	Maybe	her	appendix	really
had	 burst.	 Maybe	 she	 would	 die.	 “I	 have	 a	 …	 problem.	 Thought	 maybe	 someone	 else
might	be	having	it	too.”
“Almost	 always	 we	 are	 all	 experiencing	 the	 same	 problems	 as	 everyone	 else,”	 said
Josie,	 “and	 pretending	 we	 don’t	 so	 that	 every	 one	 of	 us	 thinks	 we	 are	 alone.	 Come	 on
inside.”
She	hobbled	over	to	the	front	door.	Under	her	arm	was	a	cloth-wrapped	bundle,	with
dirt	clinging	to	it.	As	they	entered	the	cool	of	the	house,	she	set	it	on	a	kitchen	counter	and
led	Jackie	into	the	living	room.
“Take	 any	 seat	 you’d	 like	 in	 here,”	 she	 said.	 “They’re	 all	 the	 most	 plush	 thing	 your
butt	will	ever	experience.”
Jackie	chose	an	overstuffed	easy	chair	with	a	paisley	design.
“Wow,”	 she	 said,	 settling	 back	 and	 back	 into	 fabric	 that	 continued	 to	 give.	 For	 a
moment	the	pain	vanished.	Comfort	was	the	answer	to	all	life’s	problems.	It	didn’t	solve
them,	but	it	made	them	more	distant	for	a	bit	as	they	quietly	worsened.
“You	wanted	to	ask	me	a	question?”	said	Josie,	who	had	put	herself	on	the	couch	with
a	good	view	of	the	bundle	on	the	kitchen	counter.	She	seemed	to	be	counting	under	her
breath,	keeping	time	with	a	tapping	foot.
“Yes.	What	do	you	know	about	a	man	in	a—”
“Ah,	hold	on,	dear.”	A	different	being,	just	as	difficult	to	describe	as	the	one	outside,
was	 bringing	 in	 coffee	 and	 a	 plate	 of	 Oreos.	 “The	 only	 thing	 for	 company,	 of	 course.
Coffee	and	Oreos.	Would	you	like	any?”	Josie	asked.

“No,	thanks.”
“No?”	Josie	frowned.	The	being	may	have	frowned	too.	It	was	difficult	to	tell	and,	of
course,	impossible	to	describe.
“Well,	sure	then.”
“Sure	then?”	Josie	shook	her	head.	“No,	no.	If	you	don’t	want	the	coffee	or	the	Oreos
then	you	don’t	take	the	coffee	and	the	Oreos.	Please	take	it	away,	Erika.”
The	 being	 was	 gone.	 Presumably	 they	 walked	 away.	 Jackie	 must	 have	 just	 missed
them	walking	away.	Josie	glared	at	the	bundle	on	the	counter.
“Don’t	you	dare,”	she	said.
“Don’t	I	dare	what?”
“I	wasn’t	talking	to	you.	Tell	me	your	question.”
“Josie,	 do	 you	 know	 anything	 about	 a	 man	 in	 a	 tan	 jacket,	 holding	 a	 deerskin
suitcase?”
“The	man	in	the	tan	jacket?”	Josie’s	voice	took	on	a	new	tone,	one	filled	with	interest
and	perhaps	panic.	Erika	was	back.	Both	of	the	Erikas.	They	sat	on	either	side	of	Josie	on
the	couch.	Their	faces	were	similar	to	the	ones	that	a	human	uses	to	express	fear.	No,	not
fear.	Concern.	They	looked	concerned.
“Yes,”	Jackie	said.	“A	man.	In	a	tan	jacket.	Holding	a	deerskin	suitcase.”
The	 angels’	 eyes	 flared,	 which	 was	 an	 action	 as	 odd	 to	 witness	 as	 it	 is	 difficult	 to
picture.
“Oh,	my	dear,”	said	Josie.	“I	don’t	know	if	you	should	be	asking	about	all	that.	Are
you	sure	you	wouldn’t	rather	have	some	Oreos?”
“I	wouldn’t,	no.”
“Fair,”	 Josie	 said.	 “Then	 we’ll	 talk	 about	 a	 man	 in	 a	 tan	 jacket	 holding	 a	 deerskin
suitcase.”	She	clutched	her	left	hand	against	her	side	like	she	had	a	pain	there,	but	no	pain
registered	in	her	face.
“We	 don’t	 know	 anything	 about	 him,”	 Josie	 continued.	 “Not	 Erika,	 nor	 Erika.	 Of
course	Erika	never	really	knows	anything	about	anything,	but	Erika’s	a	sweet	one,	so.”
“Do	you	know	about	him	or	not?”
“We	know	about	him,	we	just	don’t	know	anything	about	him.	We	are	aware	that	he
exists,	so	there’s	that	much,	but	his	existence	is	the	limit	of	it,	the	knowledge.”
“Knowledge	is	made	of	limits,”	said	Erika,	the	one	who	never	really	knows	anything
about	anything.
“That’s	cool,”	said	Jackie.	She	did	not	mean	it,	and	she	said	it	in	a	way	that	let	them	all
know	she	did	not	mean	it.
“Yes,	it’s	pretty	cool,”	said	Erika,	the	sweet	one,	meaning	it	completely.

“Here	 is	 what	 it	 is,”	 said	 Josie.	 “We	 have	 seen	 the	 man	 you	 are	 talking	 about	 many
times.	But	we	can	never	remember	anything	about	him.”
The	Erikas	nodded	sadly.
“We	 were	 not	 even	 aware	 he	 was	 a	 man,”	 said	 the	 Erika	 who	 was	 not	 sweet.	 “We
cannot	see	gender.”
This	was	not	why	they	were	sad.	Their	sadness	was	unrelated	to	the	conversation.	It
was	not	unrelated	to	the	dirt-covered	bundle	on	the	kitchen	counter.
“Had	the	same	problem,”	said	Jackie.	“Kept	forgetting	everything	I	knew	about	him
moments	after	I	had	started	knowing	it.	It,	I	dunno.”	She	struggled	to	find	a	combination
of	words	that	would	encompass	how	deeply	the	last	twelve	hours	had	unsettled	her.	She
knew	how	she	felt.	She	just	needed	to	describe	it	in	words.	“It	sucks,”	she	said	instead.
“Yes!	Yes,	it	does	suck,”	said	Josie.	Her	face	was	limp	and	her	mouth	kept	forming	a
smile	only	to	lose	it.	This	was	related	to	the	conversation.
She	reached	across	and	placed	her	hand	on	Jackie’s.
“Erika?	Erika?	Can	we	have	a	moment	alone?”
The	 two	 beings	 were	 no	 longer	 on	 the	 couch.	 Through	 the	 window	 Jackie	 could	 see
one	of	them	plucking	absently	at	a	tangle	of	blackberries,	although	their	head	was	turned
slightly	back	toward	Jackie,	presumably	trying	to	hear.
“Jackie,	 there	 are	 things	 that	 I	 cannot	 tell	 you.”	 Josie’s	 hand	 was	 still	 upon	 Jackie’s.
Josie’s	other	hand	was	clenched	at	her	side.	“I	cannot	tell	you	because	they	are	secret,	or
because	they	are	impossible	to	put	into	words,	or	because	I	do	not	know	them.	Mostly	it	is
because	I	do	not	know	them.
“Considering	an	entire	universe	of	knowledge,	worlds	upon	worlds	of	fact	and	history,
I	know	almost	none	of	it.	And	much	of	what	I	know	is	not	the	kind	of	thing	that	I’m	aware
I	know,	or	think	of	as	‘something	I	know.’	What	toast	smells	like,	for	instance.	What	sand
feels	 like.	 Those	 are	 not	 the	 kinds	 of	 facts	 I	 would	 tell	 anyone,	 or	 even	 think	 to	 tell
anyone.”
Jackie	didn’t	know	what	to	say.	She	agreed	with	all	of	what	Josie	was	saying	but	also
didn’t	care	about	most	of	it.
“Okay”	was	all	she	ended	up	saying.
“All	of	this	is	to	say	that	I	am	choosing	to	not	tell	you	some	of	what	I	know.	Or	I	am
lying	to	you	about	it.	And	I	want	you	to	forgive	me.”
“We	all	want	things,”	said	Jackie.
Josie	nodded	sadly.	She	stood,	which	involved	a	complex	rearrangement	of	flesh	and
joints	and	muscles.
“Walk	with	me,”	she	said.	And	Jackie	did.	They	walked	into	the	kitchen.	Josie	did	not
acknowledge	the	bundle	on	the	table,	and	so	neither	did	Jackie.	If	Josie	wasn’t	going	to

express	concern	about	something,	then	Jackie	sure	as	hell	wasn’t	going	to	either.
Josie	 produced	 a	 glass	 of	 water,	 through	 practiced	 manipulation	 of	 cupboards	 and
valves	 and	 municipal	 plumbing.	 Neither	 she	 nor	 Jackie	 was	 impressed	 with	 the	 human
miracle	represented	by	how	easily	the	glass	of	water	was	produced.
“Drink	this,”	she	said,	extending	it	to	Jackie.	“It’ll	help	with	your	migraines.”
“I	don’t	get	migraines.	I’ve	got	something	much	worse.”	She	started	to	hold	up	her	left
hand.
“Drink.”
Jackie	did.
“I	don’t	get	migraines,	though,”	she	said	after.
“Jackie,	I’m	sorry	that	this	has	happened	to	you	when	you	are	so	young.	For	all	those
decades	you	have	run	the	pawnshop,	you	have	been	so	young	and	unaware	of	the	cruelty
of	life	outside	of	the	equally	but	differently	cruel	bubble	of	youth.”
“How	many	decades?”	Jackie	asked,	mostly	to	herself.
“I	 know	 what	 you	 are	 looking	 for.	 I	 know	 what	 has	 happened.	 And	 it’s	 going	 to	 be
very	dangerous.	You	may	not	live	through	it.	And	if	you	do,	the	you	that	lived	through	it
will	 not	 be	 the	 same	 you	 that	 lived	 before	 it.	 In	 that	 sense,	 you	 will	 definitely	 not	 exist
after,	and	I’m	sorry.”
The	bundle	started	to	float	off	the	table.	Josie	rolled	up	a	Cave	and	Cavern	Decor	and
Accessories	Catalog,	the	kind	that	clogged	up	so	many	Night	Vale	mailboxes,	and	slapped
at	the	bundle.	It	plopped	back	on	the	table.
“Damn	ungrateful,”	she	said.
“What	is?”	said	Jackie.
“Nothing.	Nothing	is.	The	man	in	the	tan	jacket	is	from	a	dangerous	place.	A	place	that
no	one	can	go	to	and	return	from.	That’s	what	we	think.”
Josie	held	out	her	left	hand.	In	it	was	a	slip	of	paper.	It	said	the	name	of	a	place.
“You	too?”
“There	 are	 many	 of	 us.	 We’re	 not	 sure	 what’s	 happening.	 We	 need	 to	 know	 more.”
Josie	 tossed	 the	 paper	 on	 the	 counter	 and	 sat	 down	 at	 a	 kitchen	 stool,	 the	 slip	 of	 paper
already	back	in	her	hand.
“Where	do	we	start?”	said	Jackie.
Josie	told	her.	Jackie	swore	at	her,	and	then	apologized	for	swearing.
“The	library,	though.”	Jackie	considered.	“No.	That’s.	That’s.”	She	indicated	with	her
hands	what	it	was.
“The	search	for	truth	takes	us	to	dangerous	places,”	said	Old	Woman	Josie.	“Often	it
takes	us	to	that	most	dangerous	place:	the	library.	You	know	who	said	that?	No?	George

Washington	did.	Minutes	before	librarians	ate	him.”
Jackie	opened	the	front	door.	The	pain	in	her	gut	subsided	for	a	moment,	or	perhaps
only	faded	under	the	anxiety	of	thinking	about	the	library.
The	 yard	 outside	 seemed	 so	 bright	 and	 so	 distant	 from	 the	 dim	 interior.	 The	 Erikas
carried	on	with	their	yard	work.	There	was	a	hole	dug	into	the	backyard	that	one	of	them
was	starting	to	fill.	They	stood	motionless,	muttering	at	the	hole,	and	a	bright	black	light
enveloped	the	displaced	dirt,	nudging	it	back	into	its	place.
There	 were	 hands	 wrapping	 around	 her.	 Josie	 was	 hugging	 her,	 but	 the	 angle	 was
wrong,	and	there	was	a	significant	height	difference.	They	both	stood	in	the	unnatural	hug
for	a	moment,	neither	wanting	to	acknowledge	the	misalignment	of	the	physical	affection.
When	Jackie	thought	about	where	she	had	to	go,	she	did	not	feel	fear.	But	she	felt	an
awareness	 of	 how	 tenuous	 it	 was,	 the	 collection	 of	 thoughts	 and	 habits	 that	 was	 Jackie
Fierro.	How	easily	those	could	all	be	taken	away	and	rearranged	into	some	other	form	of
matter.
“Stay	away	from	the	man.	Don’t	try	to	follow	him	to	his	city.	It’s	a	trap.”
“Josie.	I	can’t	live	with	this,”	Jackie	said,	looking	at	the	paper	in	her	hand.
“It’s	going	to	be	okay,”	said	Old	Woman	Josie.	“It	will	be.”
She	squeezed	harder,	and	Jackie	turned	in	to	the	hug,	allowing	herself	to	be	comforted.
Her	stomach	did	not	hurt	anymore,	or	it	hurt	differently.
“That	was	a	lie,”	said	Josie.	“That	was	one	of	those	times	I	was	lying.”
“I	know,”	said	Jackie.	“It’s	fine.”
She	was	lying	too.

8

Diane	was	filling	her	gas	tank	when	she	saw	Troy.	She	didn’t	approach	him,	and	he	didn’t
notice	 her.	 She	 had	 not	 seen	 Troy	 in	 fifteen	 years,	 and	 had	 not	 wanted	 to	 see	 him	 ever
again.
When	she	tried	to	put	the	nozzle	back	onto	the	pump,	it	kept	falling	off	because	her
hands	were	shaking.	She	didn’t	feel	anything	at	all,	but	she	couldn’t	get	her	hands	to	stop
shaking.	 By	 the	 time	 she	 looked	 up,	 Troy	 was	 already	 gone.	 He	 had	 gotten	 into	 his	 car
(white	 sedan,	 broken	 taillight)	 and	 pulled	 away	 without	 looking	 at	 her	 once.	 She	 forced
herself	to	stand	very	still	and	breathe	slowly	until	her	hands	stopped	shaking.	Once	they
were	steady,	she	put	the	nozzle	back	onto	the	pump,	deliberately	opened	her	car	door,	and
drove	away	at	a	reasonable	speed.	The	entire	time	she	felt	fine.
Weeks	 later,	 she	 stopped	 by	 her	 bank	 to	 get	 change	 for	 a	 PTA	 fund-raiser.	 Sitting
behind	one	of	the	desks	was	Troy,	wearing	a	dark	suit	and	a	plastic	name	badge.	She	tried
to	confirm	the	name	on	the	tag	without	him	noticing	her	staring	but	was	unable	to.
This	time	her	hands	did	not	shake	at	all.	She	actually	felt	fine,	but	she	tasted	blood.
Without	even	noticing,	she	had	been	biting	her	lower	lip	so	hard	that	the	tooth	had	broken
through.	 She	 wiped	 the	 blood	 away	 and	 walked	 past	 him	 with	 her	 withdrawal	 slip,	 not
looking	at	him.	Because	she	wasn’t	looking	at	him,	she	couldn’t	see	if	he	was	looking	at
her.
Just	 a	 few	 days	 after	 that,	 she	 and	 Josh	 went	 to	 the	 movies.	 This	 was	 a	 monthly
tradition	 that	 went	 back	 to	 when	 he	 was	 seven.	 He	 had	 been	 acting	 glum,	 taking	 on
oozing,	gloppy	forms	that	made	a	mess	of	the	furniture	and	carpet,	and	asking	her	a	lot	of
questions	 about	 his	 dad	 and	 where	 he	 had	 gone.	 She	 had	 been	 alternately	 terrified	 and
exasperated	 by	 the	 moody	 creature	 that	 had	 appeared	 in	 place	 of	 her	 little	 boy,	 and	 she
announced	that,	as	a	special	treat,	they	would	go	to	the	movies.
That	night	at	the	movies	was	the	first	good	night	they	had	had	in	weeks.	She	hadn’t
been	sure	what	to	see	and	just	asked	at	the	ticket	counter	for	whatever	popular	children’s
movie	 was	 playing.	 The	 joyful	 glow	 of	 being	 somewhere	 together	 and	 feeling	 like	 they
were	 both	 on	 the	 same	 team	 had	 outshone	 the	 silly	 antics	 of	 the	 funny	 characters	 in	 the
kids’	movie	(No	 Country	 for	 Old	 Men)	 up	 on	 the	 screen.	 They	 had	 left	 the	 theater,	 him
walking	 upright,	 with	 non-oozing	 legs,	 and	 holding	 her	 hand	 with	 a	 human	 palm	 and
fingers.	He	did	not	ask	about	his	father	again	for	months.
And	 so	 started	 their	 monthly	 attempt	 to	 recapture	 the	 lightness	 of	 that	 first	 night.
Mostly	it	was	good.	Sometimes,	especially	lately,	she	had	to	remind	him	to	keep	his	form

short,	 and	 free	 of	 any	 broad	 wings	 or	 smoke	 emitters	 that	 might	 obstruct	 other
moviegoers’	 views.	 He	 would	 always	 do	 what	 she	 said,	 but	 not	 without	 a	 lot	 of	 sighing
and	 eye-rolling	 (he	 almost	 always	 took	 a	 form	 with	 eyes	 when	 going	 to	 the	 movies,
although	 he	 had	 gone	 through	 a	 period	 where	 he	 preferred	 the	 experience	 of	 sightless
listening).
This	 particular	 night,	 the	 theater	 was	 showing	 the	 sequel	 to	 that	 popular	 animated
franchise	 about	 the	 trees	 that	 look	 like	 trees	 but	 have	 human	 organs	 and	 try	 to	 stop
developers	from	razing	their	forest.	The	trees	are	unsuccessful	at	first,	but	in	the	end	the
construction	crews	learn	their	lesson	after	seeing	the	large	quantities	of	blood,	and	hearing
the	mangled	screams.	Later	they	are	eviscerated	themselves	by	vengeful	arboreal	spirits.
Diane	thought	the	movie	wasn’t	as	good	as	the	original,	but	she	adored	the	comical	voice
work	of	immortal	cinema	legend	Lee	Marvin.	Josh	said	he	thought	it	was	boring,	but	he
said	that	about	most	movies,	and	he	seemed	to	laugh	at	most	of	the	jokes	and	funny	death
scenes.
While	sitting	through	the	previews,	Diane	saw	Troy	enter.	He	was	wearing	a	polo	shirt
and	 carrying	 a	 carpet	 sweeper.	 He	 crossed	 from	 one	 exit	 to	 the	 other.	 He	 seemed	 to	 be
checking	the	floor	lights	along	the	aisle.	One	strip	was	unlit.
Diane	 tried	 not	 to	 look	 at	 Josh	 and	 immediately	 failed,	 turning	 to	 watch	 his	 silver,
scaly	skin,	his	flat	nose	and	protruding	eyes	intent	on	the	screen.	Josh	hadn’t	recognized
Troy.	Why	would	he?	Josh	hadn’t	seen	Troy	since	he	was	a	baby.	She	saw	herself	in	Josh,
and	sometimes	assumed	he	did	the	same.
Josh	did	not	see	himself	in	Diane.	She	knew	this.
She	 put	 her	 arm	 around	 Josh,	 ostensibly	 out	 of	 affection,	 but	 subconsciously	 out	 of
protection.	 He	 glanced	 at	 her	 hand	 hanging	 near	 his	 non-shoulder.	 He	 glanced	 back	 at
Diane,	confused	but	not	upset.
Diane	looked	forward,	toward	the	screen,	thinking	about	how	to	not	think	about	Josh’s
father.	Her	foot	was	tapping.	She	carefully	stopped	her	foot	from	tapping.
Here	is	what	it	was	about	Troy.
Diane	 does	 not	 always	 have	 a	 husband.	 There	 was	 a	 time	 when	 she	 always	 had	 a
husband,	but	now	she	never	has	one.
She	always	has	an	ex-husband.	They	were	never	married,	but	husband	and	ex-husband
are	the	shortest-hand	way	to	describe	her	relationship	to	Troy.
Diane	is	interested	in	the	semantics	of	marriage	and	not	marriage.	This	is	why:
Diane	 always	 has	 two	 parents.	 Someday	 she	 will	 never	 have	 two	 parents,	 but	 right
now	 she	 always	 has	 them.	 They	 are	 mother	 and	 father	 to	 Diane,	 and	 grandmother	 and
grandfather	to	Josh.
Her	 parents	 have	 never	 been	 married.	 They	 never	 want(ed)	 to	 be	 married.	 They
want(ed)	to	be	together	and	in	love.	They	are	almost	always	together	and	almost	always	in
love.	They	never	want(ed)	to	get	a	certificate	or	fill	out	paperwork	or	have	their	love	and

togetherness	approved	by	a	smiling	god.
They,	of	course,	value	and	respect	others’	love	of	a	smiling	god.	(Is	that	a	smile?)
They	also	fill	out	paperwork	and	get	certificates	when	required	to	do	so	for,	say,	a	job
or	a	driver’s	license	or	Diane’s	birth	or	the	times	they’re	required	to	play	the	mandatory
citywide	 lottery	 whose	 winners	 are	 fed	 to	 the	 hungry	 wolves	 at	 the	 Night	 Vale	 Petting
Zoo.
But	they	do	not	want	to	be	married.	Our	life	together	is	just	that:	our	life	together,	they
might	say	if	you	asked	them	to	succinctly	grandstand	about	their	choice.	They	might,	but
they	probably	wouldn’t.	They	aren’t	sanctimonious	or	vociferous.	They	simply	love	each
other,	and	that	is	enough	for	them	to	believe	in.
Diane	too	wanted	to	be	with	someone	and	be	in	love	with	someone.	She	wanted	to	do
these	things	without	being	married.	She	still	does.	She	saw	herself	in	her	parents.	She	saw
how	she	could	be,	how	life	could	be,	how	love	could	be.
There	is	a	correlation	between	seeing	what	could	be	and	experiencing	what	is.	But,	as
the	well-spoken	scientist	who	is	often	interviewed	on	the	news	says:	“Correlation	is	not
causation”	and	“Past	performance	is	not	a	predictor	of	future	results.”
Diane’s	parents	are	also	two	different	races.	It	matters	which	races,	but	it	matters	only
to	Diane	and	her	parents	and	their	family	and	friends,	not	to	those	who	do	not	know	them.
Not	everyone	gets	to	know	everything	about	everybody.
Growing	 up	 in	 the	 Southwest,	 Diane	 saw	 a	 few	 mixed-race	 parents,	 mixed-race
children,	 but	 she	 did	 not	 always	 have	 the	 opportunity	 or	 inclination	 to	 befriend	 these
families.	When	she	was	a	kid,	friends	were	still	determined	by	City	Council	decree,	based
on	 the	 numerology	 of	 each	 child’s	 name,	 which	 had	 been	 considered	 the	 most	 solid
foundation	for	a	lasting	friendship.
Sometimes	she	was	teased,	called	terrible	names	by	other	children.	Sometimes,	those
children	 were	 not	 the	 same	 race	 as	 one	 of	 her	 parents.	 Conversely,	 those	 same	 children
were	often	the	same	race	as	her	other	parent.
As	 Diane	 became	 a	 teenager,	 she	 continued	 to	 hear	 not	 only	 about	 her	 race	 but	 also
about	her	body.
She	was	a	girl,	not	yet	a	woman.	She	was	fifteen	years	old.
Imagine	a	fifteen-year-old	girl	of	mixed-race	parents.
That’s	pretty	good.	That’s	very	close,	she	might	say	to	anyone	who	described	what	she
looked	 like.	 Diane	 didn’t	 know	 what	 she	 looked	 like.	 She	 never	 cared	 to	 know.	 Many
people	would	tell	her	anyway.
When	her	body	won	the	race	to	womanhood	against	her	person,	Diane	began	to	hear
that	she	was	tall,	short,	fat,	skinny,	ugly,	sexy,	smiled	too	much,	smiled	too	little,	had	bad
hair,	had	beautiful	hair,	had	something	in	her	teeth,	dressed	nice,	dressed	cheap,	had	duck
feet,	had	elegant	feet.	She	was	too	dark.	She	was	too	pale.

She	heard	a	lot	of	different	descriptions	of	her,	and	she	took	them	all	as	truth.
You	must	never	need	to	get	any	sun,	Diane,	a	person	might	say	as	they	playfully	(and
jealously)	 batted	 their	 sleeved	 arm	 at	 her.	 You	 don’t	 look	 like	 who	 you	 are,	 Diane,	 a
different	person	might	say	as	they	playfully	(and	scoldingly)	batted	their	unsleeved	arm	at
her.
Teasing	 about	 race	 came	 less	 and	 less.	 Or	 rather,	 it	 disguised	 itself	 as	 simple
assessment.	You	sound	like	a	regular	person	on	the	phone,	someone	might	say	to	her	on
the	phone.
She	 also	 heard	 about	 the	 non-marriage	 of	 her	 parents.	 You’re	 technically	 a	 bastard,
right?	people	sometimes	asked	when	they	heard	her	parents	were	unmarried.
Were	you	an	accident?	other	people	(sometimes	the	same	people)	might	ask.	Do	they
not	 love	 each	 other?	 other	 people	 might	 inquire,	 earnestly.	 Well,	 they’ve	 got	 an	 easy
escape	 if	 things	 ever	 go	 wrong,	 still	 others	 might	 joke,	 unearnestly.	 Are	 they	 swingers?
some	might	joke	and	others	might	ask	sincerely.
But	 most	 common	 was	 the	 assumption	 that	 she	 would	 never	 fall	 in	 love.	 You’ll
probably	never	meet	someone,	some	assumed,	because	your	parents	didn’t	teach	you	the
importance	of	marriage.
She	 did	 find	 true	 love.	 His	 name	 was	 Troy.	 He	 was	 seventeen.	 She	 was	 an	 older
seventeen.
Imagine	a	teenager	named	Troy.
That’s	not	bad.	He’s	a	bit	less	athletic,	but	it	doesn’t	matter.	Troy	looked	like	what	he
thought	he	looked	like.	Troy	always	looked	exactly	how	he	thought	he	looked.	He	never
loved	 Diane	 until	 they	 met.	 Then	 he	 always	 loved	 her.	 Until	 later,	 when	 he	 never	 loved
her.
“I	will	always	love	you,”	he	sometimes	said.
Later	he	didn’t	say	this	at	all.	He	wasn’t	even	there	to	say	it.
They	 were	 always	 together	 and	 always	 in	 love	 for	 the	 eight	 months	 they	 first	 knew
each	other,	working	summer	jobs	at	the	White	Sands	Ice	Cream	Shoppe.	Then	Josh,	not
yet	named	Josh,	began	to	form.	He	began	first	as	scattered	cells.	Those	cells	joined	and
began	to	multiply	into	billions	and	billions	of	cells	until	they	were	shaped	like	a	single,
giant	cell.
Those	cells	added	more	cells	from	Diane’s	cells,	and	those	cells	began	to	make	eyes
and	feet	and	kidneys	and	tongues	and	wings	and	gills,	growing	and	expanding	into	a	Joshlike	shape.	People	pointed	out	to	Diane	how	different	she	looked	on	the	outside.	She	did
not	feel	she	looked	any	different.
Then	one	day	Josh	came	out	of	Diane.
She	was	a	girl,	finally	a	woman.	She	was	eighteen	years	old.
Imagine	an	eighteen-year-old	mother.

Imagine	a	seventeen-year-old	father.
Troy	couldn’t.	Troy	couldn’t	see	himself	anymore.	He	looked	at	Josh,	whom	he	named
after	his	uncle,	a	retired	Army	Ranger	he	vaguely	thought	of	as	“cool,”	and	Troy	saw	a
mirror	out	of	sync.	A	face	stared	back,	making	different	gestures,	different	motions	than
Troy	made.	It	was	his	face,	but	it	did	not	look	like	him,	act	like	him.
Troy	 had	 never	 experienced	 discord.	 Or	 he	 had	 never	 known	 he	 had	 experienced
discord	until	that	moment.
Troy	moved	out	of	Night	Vale	when	Josh	was	one	year	old.
A	 month	 later,	 Troy	 sent	 Diane	 a	 letter.	 It	 said	 something	 about	 a	 military	 family.	 It
said	something	about	being	children.	It	said	something	about	mistakes.	It	said	something
about	remembering	each	other.	It	said	something	about	never	forgetting	her	face.
She	doesn’t	remember	if	he	said	he	would	never	forget	her	face	or	if	she	should	never
forget	her	own	face.	Either	way,	neither	happened.
Some	people	told	her	they	knew	she	would	never	keep	a	man.	Some	told	her	that	good
parents	 would	 have	 insisted	 Troy	 marry	 her.	 Some	 told	 her	 she	 dressed	 inappropriately.
Some	told	her	she	was	too	tall.	Most	told	her	she	would	never	get	married	now.
This	was	fine	with	Diane.	This	is	still	fine	with	Diane.
We	 meant	 to	 say	 you’ll	 never	 meet	 anyone	 now,	 let	 alone	 get	 married,	 most	 would
clarify.
Josh	was	always	curious	about	who	his	father	was.	He	understood,	based	on	what	his
friends	had	told	him,	that	many	children	had	two	parents,	and	there	were	periods	where	it
was	clear	he	felt	one	short.	Often	he	would	ask	questions.	Sometimes	those	questions	were
out	loud.
Diane	sometimes	hears	that	Troy	is	an	actuary.	Sometimes	she	hears	Troy	is	a	florist.
Sometimes	she	hears	Troy	is	a	cop.	A	toll	collector.	A	professor.	A	musician.	A	stand-up
comedian.	 Once	 she	 heard	 a	 terrible	 rumor	 he	 became	 a	 librarian,	 but	 she	 could	 not
imagine	Troy	becoming	the	darkest	of	evil	beasts,	no	matter	what	he	had	done	to	her.	Is	it
even	possible	for	a	human	to	become	a	librarian?	Diane	wondered.
And	now	she	and	Josh	in	the	movie	theater,	and	Troy,	unnoticed	by	Josh.
The	dark	strip	of	floor	lighting	turned	back	on.	Troy,	still	not	looking	her	way,	gave	a
big	thumbs-up	to	somebody	out	of	sight,	just	around	a	dark	corner.	Troy’s	teeth	shone	in
shadow.	He	did	not	look	at	Diane.	Troy	exited	the	theater	slowly,	still	grinning,	thumb	still
extended.
She	looked	back	at	Josh,	her	arm	reflexively	tightening	around	him.	He	squirmed	and
glanced	at	her.
“I’m	sorry,”	she	said,	and	removed	her	arm.
“No,	it’s	fine,”	he	said,	looking	down	at	his	half-eaten	Twizzler.

“Really?”	She	put	her	arm	back	around	him.
They	waited	quietly	for	the	movie	to	start.
Later,	Diane	would	return	to	the	theater	on	her	own.

9

Jackie	started	her	car	in	the	direction	of	the	library,	but	soon	it	strayed.	Or	she	strayed	it.
Whatever	 the	 verb	 is	 to	 cause	 to	 stray.	 Corrupted.	 She	 corrupted	 her	 car	 toward	 her
mother’s	house.
Her	mother	had	called,	and	being	a	good	daughter	was	as	convenient	an	excuse	as	any.
Anything	to	avoid	the	library.
She	turned	onto	Desert	Elm	Drive,	a	name	which	was	evocative	of	nothing	real.	She
drove	past	the	Antiques	Mall.	The	antiques	in	the	window	were	especially	cute,	wrestling
with	each	other	and	playfully	snapping	at	each	other’s	tails.	But	she	could	never	seem	to
justify	the	money	for	an	antique,	and	besides	she	was	rarely	home,	so	how	would	she	care
for	one?
Her	 mother	 lived	 in	 the	 neighborhood	 of	 Sand	 Pit,	 which	 was	 between	 the
developments	of	Palm	Frond	Majesty	and	the	Weeping	Miner.	It	was	a	neighborhood	of
single-family	 homes,	 with	 small	 front	 yards,	 mostly	 kept	 gravel	 by	 water-conscious
residents,	 and	 backyards	 that	 rose	 steeply	 into	 hills	 unsuitable	 for	 planting	 without
extensive	and	time-consuming	terracing.
Her	 mother’s	 house	 was	 like	 any	 house	 that	 was	 pink	 with	 green	 highlights,	 or	 any
house	with	a	manually	opening	wooden	garage	door	fallen	half	away	to	splinters,	and	any
house	with	a	rosemary	bush	slowly	encroaching	its	way	into	every	other	plant	in	the	yard,
and	a	front	gate	that	sagged	into	rusted	hinges,	and	a	thick	green	lawn	that	frustrated	her
water-conscious	 neighbors.	 Her	 house	 could	 easily	 be	 mistaken	 for	 any	 other	 house	 that
happened	to	be	identical	to	it.
Jackie	felt	unease	she	could	not	express	with	any	sort	of	coherent	gesture	or	incoherent
word	 when	 she	 eyed	 the	 house.	 Something	 about	 the	 house	 was	 unfamiliar	 to	 her.	 Her
heart	was	beating	in	her	chest,	which	is	where	it	usually	beat.	She	got	out	of	the	car	and
thought	about	all	else	that	she	could	be	doing	now.	Like	driving	through	the	desert	in	that
Mercedes	 that	 was	 in	 her	 pawnshop,	 destination	 unknown	 (or	 no,	 glancing	 down	 at	 her
hand,	 she	 knew	 exactly	 the	 destination,	 didn’t	 she?),	 with	 the	 top	 down,	 searing	 air	 and
dust	running	through	her	hair,	pretending	that	the	discomfort	of	driving	with	the	top	down
was	enjoyable	because	it,	as	an	action,	signified	enjoyment.	Or	finally	treating	herself	to	a
nice	prix	fixe	dinner	(with	wine	pairings	and	complimentary	antivenoms)	at	Night	Vale’s
hottest	 foodie	 spot,	 Tourniquet.	 Or	 standing	 very	 still	 out	 in	 the	 dunes	 at	 night	 until	 the
lights	came	down	around	her	and	she	felt	herself	lifted	by	cold	alien	hands,	taken	away
somewhere	 secret	 and	 far	 away	 for	 research,	 never	 to	 return.	 All	 the	 fun	 she	 could	 be
having,	 except	 she	 had	 never	 done	 any	 of	 those	 things,	 and	 if	 she	 were	 honest,	 and	 she

sometimes	was,	she	had	never	wanted	to.	What	she	liked	was	routine.	Her	routine	was	her
life.
If	she	thought	about	it,	her	life	hadn’t	added	up	to	much	at	all,	but	she	never	thought
about	it.	Except	now,	every	time	she	saw	that	paper	in	her	hand,	she	thought	about	it.	It
was	ghastly,	all	this	thinking.
Her	mother	was	waiting	at	the	open	door.
“Oh,	Jackie,	I’m	glad	you	came.”
Jackie	followed	her	inside.	The	house	was	immaculate,	as	though	no	one	lived	there.
Some	people	prefer	to	make	their	homes	so	neat	that	there	is	no	evidence	of	life	anywhere
at	all.
“You	had	something	to	say,	I	think,”	Jackie	said.	“I	came	by	to	hear	it.”
“You	were	always	quick	to	the	point.	Even	as	a	child.”
Her	mother	led	Jackie	into	the	kitchen,	which	was	as	pristine	as	the	living	room.	The
colors	were	teal	and	raspberry,	the	same	as	every	other	room	in	the	house,	with	accents	of
mint.	 It	 resembled	 a	 model	 home,	 and	 Jackie	 wondered	 if	 the	 perfect	 oranges	 perfectly
arranged	in	the	glass	bowl	on	the	counter	were	just	wax.
Jackie	looked	again	at	the	oranges,	the	kitchen,	the	clean	walls	and	furniture.	She	was
not	 sure	 she	 had	 ever	 been	 inside	 this	 house.	 Of	 course,	 she	 must	 have	 grown	 up	 here.
Unless	her	mother	moved	after	she	had	grown	old	enough	to	move	away,	but	she	would
have	 heard	 about	 it,	 probably	 been	 involved	 in	 the	 moving	 process,	 possibly	 even	 the
process	 of	 picking	 a	 new	 place.	 Also,	 at	 nineteen,	 she	 couldn’t	 have	 moved	 away	 from
home	very	long	ago.	But	nothing	about	the	house	was	familiar	to	her.	She	looked	around
the	 kitchen	 trying	 to	 guess	 which	 drawer	 held	 the	 silverware,	 the	 surest	 sign	 of	 kitchen
familiarity,	and	she	hadn’t	a	clue.
“Do	you	remember	years	ago,	when	we	had	your	best	friends	Anna	and	Gracia	over
for	 a	 birthday	 party	 and	 you	 were	 annoyed	 because	 your	 birthday	 wasn’t	 until	 the	 next
day?”	asked	her	mother.
“Ah,”	Jackie	said.	“Mmm,”	she	said.	She	slipped	open	a	drawer,	trying	to	appear	like	a
person	who	casually	knows	where	the	silverware	is.	The	drawer	was	full	of	dish	towels.
“I	 tried	 to	 explain	 that	 the	 next	 day	 was	 a	 school	 day,	 and	 the	 elementary
administration	 sends	 armed	 posses	 of	 schoolchildren	 after	 truants,	 but	 you	 just	 wouldn’t
listen.	Always	stubborn,	you.”	Her	mother’s	eyes	were	wide	and	her	lower	lip	was	folded
under	her	teeth.	Her	fingers	were	pressed	pale	into	the	Formica	counter.
Jackie	 tried	 another	 drawer.	 It	 was	 full	 of	 an	 opaque,	 fatty	 liquid,	 simmering	 from
some	invisible	heat	source.
“No,”	 Jackie	 told	 herself.	 She	 hadn’t	 been	 looking	 for	 the	 hot	 milk	 drawer.	 The
silverware	 drawer.	 If	 she	 knew	 where	 that	 was,	 then	 she	 knew	 the	 house.	 If	 she	 didn’t,
then.

“I’ve	never	been	inside	this	house,”	she	said.	Her	mother	didn’t	look	surprised.
“When	you	were	ten	you	hit	your	head	on	this	counter	here.	I	thought	you’d	be	hurt
but	instead	you	were	laughing.	You	said	it	reminded	you	of	a	character	in	a	movie	doing	a
funny	fall,	and	that	picturing	it	that	way,	from	a	distance,	made	it	hurt	less.	You	couldn’t
stop	laughing.”
“How	did	I	even	know	how	to	come	here?”	Now	Jackie	was	afraid	again,	and	it	made
her	angry.	In	her	anger	she	slammed	open	another	drawer,	but	again	not	silverware.	“This
is	where	silverware	should	go,	if	you	think	about	the	kitchen	in	terms	of	workflow.	And
who	even	has	two	hot	milk	drawers?”
“You	had	a	knack	for	hurting	yourself	but	a	natural	tendency	to	not	really	feel	it,”	said
her	mother.	“I	remember	when	you	got	stung	when	your	birthday	piñata	was	filled	with
bees.	That	taught	you	a	valuable	lesson	about	birthdays	in	general.	Remember	that?”
“I	remember	the	pawnshop.	I	remember	days	at	the	pawnshop.	Going	back	and	back.
What	 I	 don’t	 remember	 is	 where	 your	 silverware	 drawer	 is.	 Where	 is	 it?	 Where	 is	 the
drawer?”
There	 had	 never	 been	 information	 more	 important	 to	 her.	 She	 crumpled	 the	 slip	 of
paper	in	her	left	hand,	and	then	fanned	herself	with	it,	not	a	single	crease	in	it.
“I	don’t	have	one,	dear.	You	know	that.	We’re	both	getting	worked	up.	You’d	better	sit
down.	We’ll	figure	this	and	everything	else	out	if	we	just	have	more	water.	It’s	important.
It	will	help	with	your	migraines.”
“I	don’t	get	migraines!”
Her	mother	glanced	out	the	window,	and	Jackie	followed	the	glance,	physically,	to	the
window.	Her	anger	was	a	creature	now,	and	it	walked	behind	her,	pushing	her	along.
There	was	her	mother’s	yard,	neat	grass	bordered	by	gravel.	The	grass	kept	alive	with
an	artificial	life-support	system	of	pumps	and	machines	stretching	hundreds	of	miles	to	the
nearest	 reservoir,	 its	 roots	 barely	 clinging	 to	 the	 sandy	 topsoil,	 mixed	 heavily	 with
chemical	fertilizer.	Beyond	the	lawn,	terraced	on	the	steep	hill,	were	plants	more	suited	to
the	climate.	Cacti,	and	sagebrush,	and	metallic	trees	that	changed	size	each	day.
“I’m	not	sure	I’ve	ever	been	out	there,”	she	said	as	she	sat	down	at	the	kitchen	table
with	her	mother.
“Of	 course	 you’ve	 been	 out	 there,”	 her	 mother	 said.	 “Let’s	 talk	 together	 about
memories	you	have	of	being	out	there.”
Her	mother	rolled	an	avocado	back	and	forth	on	the	spotless	tabletop.	The	floor	and
the	tabletop	and	the	walls	were	all	the	same	clean	color,	and	everything	was	equally	clean
and	unused.	The	avocado	was,	of	course,	fake,	as	all	avocados	are.
Then	her	mother	looked	up	with	pleading	eyes.	She	gestured	with	the	avocado,	as	if
that	were	what	she	was	trying	to	say,	or	at	least	an	approximation	of	that.
“When	 you	 were	 five	 years	 old,	 we	 held	 a	 birthday	 party	 for	 you	 in	 Mission	 Grove

Park,	in	the	birthday	party	area.	The	one	that’s	fenced	in	and	kept	secure	in	case	there’s
another	one	of	those	occasional	birthday	…	accidents.
“It	 was	 a	 simpler	 time.	 Because	 I	 personally	 had	 less	 memories	 and	 so	 less	 to
superimpose	upon	the	world,	and	so	it	was	much	clearer,	and	also	I	was	younger.	Thus,	the
world	was	simpler.	I’m	getting	lost.
“We	 had	 a	 birthday	 party	 for	 you.	 There	 were	 presents	 and	 guests	 and	 a	 banner	 that
said:	HAPPY	BIRTHDAY.
“Your	 father	 picked	 you	 up	 and	 swung	 you	 around.	 Parents	 sometimes	 show	 love
through	 velocity.	 I	 don’t	 have	 that	 picture	 anymore,	 but	 at	 one	 point	 I	 did.	 Your	 father
picked	you	up.	It	was	your	birthday.	Do	you	understand?”
“I	don’t	remember	having	a	father.”
“Well,	dear.	He	left	quite	some	time	ago.”
“I	 don’t	 just	 not	 remember	 having	 a	 father.	 I	 don’t	 remember	 you	 ever	 telling	 me	 I
didn’t	have	a	father.”
Her	 mother	 gripped	 the	 avocado	 and	 searched	 Jackie’s	 face,	 presumably	 for	 some
sense	that	communication	had	occurred.
“What	ever	happened	to	Anna	and	Gracia?”	Jackie	asked.
“Who?”
“The	other	girls	from	one	of	my	birthday	parties?”
“Oh,	I	don’t	know.	We	all	lose	touch	with	friends	as	we	get	older.”
There	 was	 a	 sound	 of	 movement	 in	 the	 backyard.	 Her	 mother	 lowered	 her	 eyes	 as
Jackie	sprang	up	and	went	to	look	out	again.
Still	the	backyard,	and	the	lawn,	and	the	plants,	and	the	gravel.	But	now	also	a	shape
in	 the	 gravel,	 against	 the	 fence.	 At	 first,	 vaguely	 man-shaped.	 Then,	 specifically	 manshaped.	Her	eyes	filled	in	the	details	as	they	were	discovered.	Blond	hair.	A	warm	smile.
Was	that	a	smile?	It	was	the	man	from	the	kitchen	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite.
“Who	the	hell	is	this	guy?”	Jackie	said,	eyes	and	fists	tightening.
The	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police	were	always	easy	to	summon,	as	quick	as	shouting	“Hey,
police!”	out	your	door	or	whispering	it	into	your	phone.	The	phone	didn’t	even	have	to	be
on.	But	calling	for	help	was	not	something	Jackie	Fierro	was	likely	to	do.
What	 she	 was	 likely	 to	 do,	 she	 thought	 as	 she	 did	 it,	 was	 charge	 out	 the	 back	 door
directly	at	the	man,	shouting,	“Coming	for	you,	creep!”
There	weren’t	even	footprints	in	the	gravel.	That’s	how	gone	he	was.	She	stumbled	to
a	stop.	No	one.	She	jumped	at	a	loud	hiss	behind	her.
“I’m	 not	 afraid,”	 she	 declared,	 and	 she	 wasn’t.	 She	 was	 angry,	 which	 is	 the	 more
productive	cousin	of	fear.

The	 sprinkler	 popped	 up,	 and	 the	 water	 hit	 her	 full-on.	 And	 then	 the	 rest	 of	 the
sprinklers,	one	by	one,	tossing	their	burden	into	the	hot	desert	air	to	nourish	the	grass,	or
to	float	away	and	evaporate.
“I	have	definitely	never	been	out	here,”	she	said,	water	streaming	down	her	hair	and
face	into	her	clothes	and	shoes.	“How	did	I	even	know	how	to	get	to	this	house?”
Her	mother,	visible	faintly	through	the	kitchen	window,	took	a	deep,	slow	bite	out	of
the	wax	avocado	and,	not	looking	back	at	her	daughter,	began	with	difficulty	to	chew.

10

“I’m	going	to	the	movies,”	Diane	called	at	Josh’s	door,	not	stopping	to	wait	for	a	response.
At	first,	when	she	started	doing	this,	he	would	say,	“Have	fun”	or	“I’m	just	going	to
stay	 home,”	 because	 he	 could	 only	 hang	 out	 with	 his	 mother	 every	 so	 often,	 not	 every
other	night.
“I’m	going	to	the	movies,”	Diane	called	out	for	the	fifth	or	sixth	time	in	two	weeks,
and	Josh	began	to	resent	her	for	going	out	so	much	without	him.	This	resentment	was	not
conscious.	He	just	thought	it	was	idiotic	she	was	going	to	the	movies	so	often.	Who	does
she	think	she	is?	Josh	thought.
Who	are	any	of	us,	really?	the	house	thought.
Josh	 stopped	 answering,	 and	 Diane	 stopped	 expecting	 an	 answer.	 She	 would	 simply
go.
It	was	8:00	P.M.	The	movie	that	evening	was	John	Frankenheimer’s	1973	adaptation	of
The	Iceman	Cometh	again.	Diane,	like	most	people,	had	seen	the	film	dozens	of	times	in
her	life—there	were	nightly	screenings	of	it	by	Night	Vale	city	ordinance.	She	didn’t	love
the	movie	as	a	movie,	but	she	appreciated	it	as	a	familiar	comfort.
She	would	often	cry,	particularly	when	the	character	Larry	Slade	said,	“As	the	history
of	 the	 world	 proves,	 the	 truth	 has	 no	 bearing	 on	 anything.”	 It	 is	 not	 a	 sad	 or	 emotional
scene.	In	fact	it	is	quite	a	didactic	one,	but	hers	were	tears	of	nostalgia.	She	would	mouth
the	line	“It’s	irrelevant	and	immaterial”	along	with	Larry.
Anyway,	she	wasn’t	there	because	of	the	movie.
Diane	bought	a	ticket	from	the	sentient	patch	of	haze	working	in	the	box	office.	Her
name	 was	 Stacy,	 and	 Diane	 had	 developed	 a	 sort	 of	 friendship	 with	 her,	 or	 at	 least	 the
comfortable	familiarity	of	recognizing	each	other	without	making	a	big	deal	of	it.
Each	time	she	went	she	would	look	for	Troy	while	trying	not	to	make	it	obvious	that
this	 was	 what	 she	 was	 doing.	 She	 sometimes	 was	 successful	 at	 keeping	 this	 even	 from
herself,	 thinking	 as	 she	 looked	 around	 that	 she	 was	 just	 curious	 about	 new	 releases	 that
had	made	it	past	the	Night	Vale	Top	Secret	Censorship	Board	(which	consisted	only	of	a
guy	named	Luis,	who	refused	to	watch	any	of	the	movies	he	judged	on	the	risk	he	would
see	a	forbidden	idea	or	gesture)	or	the	current	price	of	a	tub	of	popcorn	(which	Night	Vale
Cinemas	 kept	 strictly	 linked	 to	 the	 coal	 futures	 market	 for	 reasons	 no	 one	 in	 town
understood).	But	really	she	was	looking	for	Troy	and	she	was	not	seeing	him.
She	waited	for	a	night	no	one	else	was	in	line	and	no	one	else	was	in	the	box	office

with	Stacy.
“Do	you	know	a	guy	who	works	here	named	Troy?”
“Sure.	He’s	not	here	tonight	though.”
“Oh,	shoot.	I’m	an	old	friend	of	his.	I	was	hoping	to	run	into	him	here.	Do	you	know
when	he	usually	works?”
There	was	a	long	pause.	Stacy,	a	haze	with	no	face	or	body	to	read,	continued	to	drift
around	 the	 box	 office	 booth.	 Diane	 did	 not	 know	 if	 she	 had	 made	 Stacy	 uncomfortable
with	the	question.
“I’m	sorry.	You	probably	can’t	answer—”
“No	no.	I’m	looking	at	the	schedule	right	now.”
Diane	saw	some	papers	rustling	on	a	clipboard	pinned	to	the	wall.
“He’s	working	tomorrow	from	eleven	to	four.”
“Oh,	great,”	Diane	managed.	She	felt	like	she	was	choking,	but	she	was	able	to	breathe
just	fine.	She	nodded,	as	casually	as	she	could.	“Thanks,	Stacy.”
Diane’s	 life	 at	 work	 was	 no	 easier.	 No	 one	 was	 talking	 about	 Evan.	 Nobody
remembered	Evan.	She	told	everyone	apologetically	that	she	must	have	been	confused.
“Because	 of	 your	 migraines?”	 asked	 Janice	 Rio,	 who	 was	 assistant	 director	 of	 sales
and,	more	relevantly,	whose	desk	was	closest	to	her	lonely	outpost	near	the	server	room.
“No,”	said	Diane.	“I	don’t	have	…	no.”
“Hmm,”	 hummed	 Janice.	 It	 was	 what	 she	 did	 when	 she	 didn’t	 care	 what	 the	 other
person	had	said	but	the	rhythm	of	conversation	demanded	a	response.	She	walked	away
before	more	responses	might	be	needed.
Diane	did	not	get	much	work	done,	which	was	not	as	responsible	as	she	liked	to	think
she	was.	Instead	she	spent	a	lot	of	time	looking	at	a	couple	pages	of	notebook	paper	she
had	found	on	the	floor	of	her	car.
The	top	sheet	had	a	phone	number	and	an	address	in	writing	that	looked	like	Josh’s.
The	address	was	in	Old	Town	Night	Vale	and	had	a	unit	number	at	the	end.	Josh	had	had	a
friend	 years	 ago	 who	 lived	 in	 that	 part	 of	 town,	 but	 Diane	 couldn’t	 think	 of	 anyone	 he
might	know	now	who	lived	there.
On	 the	 second	 sheet	 of	 paper,	 a	 different	 handwriting,	 still	 by	 Josh.	 His	 handwriting
regularly	changed	depending	on	the	size	and	shape	his	writing	appendage	took.	A	tentacle
and	 a	 wing	 and	 a	 human	 hand,	 even	 with	 the	 same	 mind	 behind	 them,	 will	 wield	 a	 pen
differently	through	the	sheer	fact	of	mass	and	shape.	Still,	like	with	anything	related	to	his
transformations,	Diane	could	always	tell	Josh’s	handwriting.	There	was	always	something
at	the	core	of	it	that	pinged	at	the	place	inside	her	where	she	kept	all	the	care	she	had	for
him.
The	note	said,	“I	want	to	meet	this	guy.”

Below	it,	in	handwriting	that	was	not	Josh’s	and	written	in	a	different	color	ink:	“I’ll
get	you	his	number,	but	don’t	call	him	yet.”
Josh:	“I	won’t.	Duh.	Does	he	have	a	picture?	I	want	to	know	what	he	looks	like.”
[Who?]:	“If	he	doesn’t	I	can	get	one.”
Josh:	“What’s	his	name?”
And	then	nothing	more.	Diane	wondered	who	the	boy	was	Josh	was	interested	in.	She
didn’t	know	if	he	had	ever	been	on	a	date	with	anyone.	He	had	never	been	willing	to	talk
about	dating	with	her.
Diane	wondered	how	to	bring	this	up	to	Josh,	and	then	she	wondered	if	this	was	even
the	kind	of	thing	you	bring	up	with	a	teenager.
“So	 you’re	 interested	 in	 dating?”	 she	 could	 ask,	 but	 expecting	 what?	 A	 yes?	 Then
what?
“What’s	his	name?”	she	followed	up	in	her	daydreamed	conversation.
“I	don’t	know.	Someone	else	knows,”	she	projected	him	saying	as	he	looked	down	his
thin	beak	at	his	hands,	which	had	twice	as	many	fingers	as	her	own.
“You	wanted	to	ask	what	the	boy’s	name	was.	Why	didn’t	you	pass	the	paper	back	to
your	friend?”	she	imagined	herself	asking.
“Why	are	you	reading	my	notes?”	she	pictured	him	shouting.	His	eyes	pink,	his	long
teeth	bared.	He	was	crying,	his	wings	flapping.
She	imagined	this	conversation	a	few	times	at	her	desk,	and	it	never	ended	any	better.
She	stuffed	the	note	in	her	pocket	and	lied	to	Catharine	that	she	was	having	a	migraine
(Catharine	 had	 said:	 “I	 can	 see	 that.”	 Diane	 didn’t	 understand	 how	 someone	 could	 even
see	a	migraine.)	and	left	work	early—sometime	between	the	hours	of	eleven	and	four.
She	was	anxious	and	driving	fast,	listening	to	the	radio	turned	up	to	a	loud	but	sensible
volume.	 Cecil	 Palmer	 was	 talking	 to	 that	 scientist,	 who	 was	 explaining	 how	 clouds	 are
made	of	moisture	and	aren’t	cover	for	alien	crafts	or	appendages	of	a	great	sky	being.	It
seemed	ridiculous,	like	most	things	on	the	radio	these	days.	He	was	bending	facts	to	create
an	absurd	argument	just	to	get	listeners	stirred	up.
She	 was	 disappointed,	 because	 Cecil	 and	 the	 scientist	 were	 dating,	 and	 interviewing
your	partner	for	a	news	program	seemed	to	be	a	conflict	of	interest.	And,	more	important,
the	scientist	was	talking	nonsense.
“…	tiny,	tiny	droplets	that	are	invisible	individually,	but	as	a	whole	form	a	puffy	white
cloud,”	the	scientist	said.
That	was	when	she	heard	sirens,	which	at	first	she	thought	were	muncipal	censorship
to	spare	regular	citizens	from	having	to	hear	this	kind	of	talk	on	community	airtime,	but
then	she	realized	were	actually	on	the	road	behind	her.
She	was	doing	almost	fifty	in	a	thirty	zone.	Okay,	she	thought,	so	this	I	deserve.

As	she	pulled	her	car	over,	she	looked	at	the	clock	on	her	dashboard	and	realized	there
was	no	way	she	was	going	to	get	to	the	theater	in	time	to	see	Troy.	A	feeling	that	had	risen
to	the	top	of	her	chest	slipped	back	down	into	her	belly.	She	couldn’t	tell	what	that	feeling
was	or	if	it	was	good	or	bad.
There	are	no	regular	police	in	Night	Vale.	There	used	to	be,	but	it	was	decided	that	a
regular	police	force	wasn’t	secure	enough.	Everyone	knew	that	the	regular	police	existed;
someone	could	use	that	information	against	Night	Vale	somehow.	No	one	was	sure	how,
but	the	threat	was	enough.	There	had	been	community	meetings	and	then	the	police	had
vanished	with	no	official	explanation.	A	couple	days	later,	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police	force
appeared	around	town,	driving	dark	red	sedans	with	gold	racing	stripes	and	black	sevenpointed	stars	on	the	sides	that	say	SECRET	POLICE	on	them,	staffed	by	the	exact	same	people
who	had	previously	been	regular	police	officers.	Everyone	felt	much	safer	after	that.
Which	is	why	it	was	so	odd	that	the	car	that	had	pulled	her	over	was	an	old-fashioned
police	 cruiser,	 light	 bar	 on	 top	 and	 Crown	 Victoria	 body.	 The	 officer	 getting	 out	 of	 the
vehicle	was	wearing	just	a	regular	police	uniform	without	the	cape	or	blowgun	belt.
She	dug	around	in	her	glove	compartment	for	her	insurance	card	and	registration,	and
then	in	her	pocket	for	her	license.	She	pulled	out	Josh’s	crumpled-up	note.
She	stared	at	the	note.	She	must	have	stared	at	it	for	a	while;	she	wasn’t	sure.
There	was	a	loud	tapping	in	her	left	ear.
She	 looked	 up,	 confused.	 There	 was	 a	 knuckle	 rapping	 on	 the	 window	 a	 few	 inches
from	her	face.
She	screamed,	but	she	wasn’t	scared.	Her	body	screamed	before	she	could	do	anything
about	it.	The	knuckle	stopped	hitting	the	glass.
She	held	her	hand	to	her	chest.	Her	other	hand	pressed	the	window	button.
“I’m	sorry,”	she	said,	exhaling,	long,	slow	breaths.
“License	and	registration,	please.”
The	voice	was	vaguely	familiar,	but	she	was	too	in	her	own	thoughts	to	care.
“Here	you	go.”
Silence.	Diane	saw	khaki	pants,	khaki	shirt,	a	black	leather	belt,	and	elbows	as	he	read
her	documentation,	and	elbows	as	he	wrote	out	a	ticket.
This	took	several	minutes	because,	by	law,	police	are	required	to	describe	the	nature	of
the	sunlight	at	the	time	of	the	infraction	in	verse,	although	meter	and	rhyme	are	optional.
“Searing,	yellow,	and	there’s	a	sort	of	purplish	halo	around	it	before	it	fades	into	the
mundanity	 of	 sky.	 It	 is	 a	 reminder—this	 sun—of	 our	 near-infinite	 smallness	 in	 a	 nearinfinite	universe.	But	today,	as	I	write	this	speeding	ticket,	I	feel	I	could	crush	the	sun	like
a	grape	underfoot,	and	that	the	universe	is	an	umbrella	that	I	may	fold	up	and	put	away,”
the	officer	wrote	on	Diane’s	ticket.

Diane	thanked	the	officer	when	he	handed	her	the	ticket,	but	her	eyes	were	on	Josh’s
note	on	the	passenger	seat.
“Just	be	careful,	umm	…	Diane,”	he	said,	and	her	head	cleared	enough	to	recognize
where	she	knew	that	voice	from.	She	looked	up.
He	 was	 blond	 and	 his	 teeth	 shone.	 They	 briefly	 made	 eye	 contact—or	 she	 assumed
they	 made	 eye	 contact	 through	 his	 mirrored	 shades—and	 then	 he	 was	 gone,	 walking
quickly	back	to	his	cruiser.
She	tried	to	breathe	in	and	missed.
It	was	Troy.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 “…	 ALL	 HAIL,	 ALL	 PLANT	 YOUR	 FACE	 INTO	 THE	 FALLOW	 EARTH
AND	WEEP	IT	INTO	PROSPERITY,”	it	concluded,	before	cutting	the	ribbon	to	officially
open	the	new	downtown	roller	rink.	A	big	thanks	to	the	Glow	Cloud	for	its	speech,	and,	of
course,	all	hail	the	mighty	Glow	Cloud.
A	 warning	 to	 our	 listeners:	 There	 have	 been	 reports	 of	 counterfeit	 police	 officers	 on
the	 roads,	 who,	 instead	 of	 looking	 after	 our	 interests,	 work	 under	 arbitrary	 authority	 to
unfairly	target	and	extort	those	who	are	least	able,	societally,	to	fight	back.	If	you	see	one
of	these	FalsePolice,	act	right	away	by	shrugging	and	thinking	What	am	I	gonna	do?	and
then	seeing	if	anything	funny	is	on	Twitter.
And	now	some	sobering	news.	Station	intern	Jodi	was	asked	to	alphabetize	everything
in	the	station	as	part	of	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police’s	daily	census	of	every	single	item	in
Night	Vale.	Unfortunately,	Jodi	was	so	assiduous	in	her	work	that	she	alphabetized	herself
as	well,	and	what	was	once	a	helpful	and	hardworking	intern	is	now	a	pile	of	limbs	and
organs,	arranged	part	by	gory	part	from	A	to	Z.
To	 the	 family	 and	 friends	 of	 Intern	 Jodi:	 She	 will	 be	 missed.	 Especially	 since	 she
alphabetized	 herself	 early	 in	 the	 process,	 and	 so	 most	 of	 the	 station	 still	 needs	 doing.	 If
you	 need	 college	 credit	 or	 a	 place	 to	 hide	 from	 the	 dangerous	 world	 outside,	 come	 on
down	to	the	station	today,	and	start	a	long	and	healthy	life	in	radio.
In	other	news,	a	woman	wearing	a	bulky	trench	coat	and	aviator	goggles,	speaking	on
behalf	 of	 Lenny’s	 Bargain	 House	 of	 Gardenwares	 and	 Machine	 Parts,	 announced	 that
there	may	have	been	some	slight	problems	with	a	few	of	the	things	they	sold.
“Some	of	the	garden	fountains	we	sold	are	actually	motion-activated	turrets,”	she	said.
“Also	it’s	possible	that	we	put	stickers	on	armed	explosives	that	said	 SNAIL	 POISON.	And
while	we	stand	by	the	fact	that	they	will,	in	fact,	kill	snails,	it	should	be	noted	that	they
will	also	kill	any	living	organism	within	several	hundred	feet	of	the	snails.	We	probably
should	have	put	that	on	the	label.	So	sue	us.
“On	second	thought,”	she	said,	“don’t	sue	us.	You	don’t	even	know	what	part	of	the
government	we	work	for.	Who	are	you	going	to	sue?	And	don’t	you	think	we’ve	already
paid	off	all	the	judges?	You	don’t	have	a	chance.”
She	cackled,	waving	an	absurdly	long	cigarette	holder	terminating	in	an	unlit	cigarette.
This	 went	 on	 for	 several	 uncomfortable	 moments.	 Her	 laughter	 subsided	 into	 a	 labored
snorting	and	then	a	few	long,	intentional	sighs.
“Oh	 man,”	 she	 said.	 “I	 needed	 that.	 All	 right,	 I	 think	 that’s	 everything.	 Oh	 yes,	 I

forgot.	Absolutely	do	not	touch	the	flamingos.”
She	nodded	to	the	few	journalists	in	attendance	and	returned	to	her	burrow	near	City
Hall,	where	she	was	later	driven	out	and	ethically	captured	by	the	local	Cage	and	Release
Pest	Control.
The	Night	Vale	PTA	released	a	statement	today	saying	that	if	the	School	Board	could
not	promise	to	prevent	children	from	learning	about	dangerous	activities	like	drug	use	and
library	 science	 during	 recess	 periods,	 they	 would	 be	 blocking	 all	 school	 entrances	 with
their	bodies.	They	pulled	hundreds	of	bodies	out	from	trucks,	saying,	“We	own	all	of	these
bodies	and	we	will	not	hesitate	to	use	them	to	create	great	flesh	barricades	if	that	is	what	it
takes	to	prevent	our	children	from	learning.”
The	School	Board	responded	by	criticizing	the	use	of	PTA	funds	to	purchase	so	many
bodies,	 but	 PTA	 treasurer	 Diane	 Crayton	 said	 that	 sadness	 is	 eternal,	 that	 weakness	 is
another	word	for	humanity,	and	that	all	will	pass,	all	will	pass.	She	was	holding	a	cup	of
coffee	close	to	her	chest	and	murmuring	that	to	herself.	I	am	not	sure	if	she	was	referring
to	this	current	controversy,	or	if	she	was	even	aware	of	our	presence.	More	on	this	story,
somewhere	in	the	world,	always	happening,	whether	we	report	it	or	not.
And	 a	 big	 thank-you	 to	 local	 scientist,	 certified	 genius,	 and,	 oh	 yeah,	 my	 boyfriend,
Carlos,	who	came	by	earlier	to	explain	clouds.	Need	something	explained	in	language	that
for	all	you	know	could	be	scientific?	Feel	free	to	drop	by	Carlos’s	lab.	Sometimes	he’ll	be
there.	Sometimes	it’s	date	night,	and	he’s	with	me.	I	am	his	boyfriend.	I	don’t	know	if	I
mentioned	that.

11

Jackie	rolled	open	the	car	window	(her	car	had	manual	everything	except	the	transmission,
which	 was	 some	 form	 one	 less	 than	 a	 manual,	 the	 works	 of	 which	 even	 her	 mechanic
couldn’t	understand.	“This	isn’t	even	a	transmission.	This	is	just	a	bag	of	rocks	attached
by	string	to	your	gear	change.	How	does	this	car	even	drive?”	he	had	said	to	her	the	last
time	she	had	gone	in	for	an	oil	change.	Her	answer,	as	was	her	answer	to	everything	that
was	outside	the	routine	of	her	days,	was	to	shrug	and	cease	thinking	about	it	the	moment
people	around	her	stopped	reminding	her	of	it)	and	let	the	sun	do	its	thing	on	her	skin.	The
air	as	she	drove	felt	good,	sliding	over	her	and	feeling	real	in	a	way	that	nothing	else	that
day	had.
What	 she	 needed	 was	 someone	 who	 understood	 the	 world,	 who	 studied	 it	 in	 an
objective	way.	She	needed	a	scientist.	Fortunately,	Night	Vale	had,	just	a	few	years	earlier,
acquired	a	few	of	those.
They	had	come	all	at	once,	scientists	being	pack	animals.	Their	leader	was	a	nice	man
named	Carlos,	who	had	started	dating	Cecil,	the	presenter	of	the	local	radio	station,	after	a
near-death	experience	a	few	years	before	involving	a	brutal	attack	from	a	tiny	civilization
living	under	lane	5	of	the	Desert	Flower	Bowling	Alley	and	Arcade	Fun	Complex.	It	was
an	ordinary	enough	way	to	begin	a	relationship,	as	these	things	go.
Jackie	 had	 always	 thought	 they	 made	 a	 sweet	 couple,	 even	 if	 Carlos	 was	 a	 bit	 too
preoccupied	with	whatever	“science”	was,	and	Cecil	was	a	bit	too	enthusiastic	sometimes
about,	well,	everything.	The	fact	that	Carlos	was	an	outsider	to	Night	Vale	was	unusual	as
well.	Night	Vale	doesn’t	bring	in	a	lot	of	new	residents,	and	most	people	born	there	never
leave.	 Everyone	 liked	 Carlos,	 as	 they	 liked	 most	 out-of-towners	 (or	 “interlopers,”	 the
affectionate	 nickname	 Night	 Valeans	 shout	 while	 pointing	 when	 they	 see	 someone
unfamiliar	in	the	street).	He	was	likable	enough,	good	looking	enough,	and	smart	enough
to	be	reprehensible,	but	despite	all	of	these	things,	no	one	feared	or	distrusted	his	clever
science	or	perfect	hair.
Because	Cecil	talked	openly	on	his	radio	show	about	Carlos,	their	relationship	was	a
point	of	near-constant	discussion	in	Night	Vale,	all	of	their	imperfections	and	faults,	which
made	 them	 individuals	 worth	 loving.	 They	 had	 built	 those	 faults	 into	 the	 usual	 messy,
comfortable,	 patched-up,	 beautiful	 structure	 that	 any	 functioning	 long-term	 relationship
ended	up	being.
This,	the	idea	of	relationships	bit,	was	all	conjecture	on	her	part.	She	herself	felt	too
young	to	try	to	figure	out	her	own	life,	let	alone	someone	else’s	life	near	hers,	and	so	she
had	never	even	sought	out	companionship	of	that	type.	Jackie	thought	about	dating	from

time	 to	 time	 in	 the	 distant	 way	 a	 person	 thinks	 about	 eventually	 becoming	 famous	 or
owning	 a	 castle	 or	 growing	 ram’s	 horns.	 They’re	 all	 achievable,	 realistic	 goals,	 but	 by
turning	 objectives	 into	 mere	 fantasies,	 she	 never	 had	 to	 go	 through	 the	 trouble	 of
achieving	or	maintaining	them.
She	occasionally	found	herself	thinking	about	love	when	staring	at	the	many	twinkling
spy	satellites	in	the	night	sky,	or	when	the	wind	tasted	like	sour	peaches	for	no	understood
reason,	 or	 when	 she	 said	 a	 word	 that	 seemed	 different	 than	 a	 word	 she	 would	 ever	 say.
Then	she	would	wonder	what	it	might	be	like	to	join	her	life	with	someone,	or	even	just	a
few	minutes	with	someone,	just	a	touch	or	a	glance,	just	anything,	just	something.
I’d	like	to	meet	someone	special	someday,	Jackie	thought.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	in	her	hand	said.
Jackie	 crumpled	 the	 paper	 against	 the	 steering	 wheel.	 She	 hadn’t	 been	 completely
aware	she	was	driving.
She	pulled	into	a	strip	mall	that	only	had	two	businesses:	Carlos’s	lab	and	Big	Rico’s
Pizza.	Big	Rico’s	had	struggled	ever	since	wheat	and	wheat	by-products	had	been	declared
illegal.	This	was	the	result	of	a	long	and	not	terribly	interesting	story,	but	the	gist	is	that
wheat	 and	 wheat	 by-products	 transformed	 first	 into	 snakes	 and	 then	 into	 evil	 spirits
resulting	in	a	number	of	dead	citizens.
Jackie	parked	the	car	on	asphalt	that	had	been	lifted	into	sharp	undulations	by	the	roots
of	a	nearby	tree,	which	was	transformed	by	the	tires	of	her	slowing	car	into	a	disquieting
thumping	that	did	nothing	to	improve	her	mood.
Carlos’s	lab	was	on	the	outskirts	of	the	science	district,	which	was	a	pretty	run-down
part	of	town.	There	were	a	few	new	laboratories	being	built,	but	the	science	community
did	not	like	gentrification,	so	they	resisted	new	money,	holding	tight	to	their	history	and
culture.
It	 was	 not	 uncommon	 for	 a	 single	 block	 to	 have	 not	 only	 marine	 biologists	 but	 also
quantum	physicists	living	next	door	to	each	other.	In	many	other	cities,	this	may	seem	like
the	makings	of	a	civil	disaster,	but	Night	Vale’s	science	district	really	made	it	work.
There	were	certainly	some	major	disagreements	and	highly	public	conflicts	between,
say,	 the	 astronomers	 and	 the	 ornithologists,	 neither	 of	 which	 considers	 the	 other	 a	 real
science.	 It’s	 difficult	 sometimes	 for	 two	 scientific	 groups	 to	 get	 on	 well	 when	 the	 core
tenet	 of	 one	 science	 is	 to	 disprove	 the	 existence	 of	 another	 science—such	 as	 it	 is	 with
meteorologists	and	geologists.
Carlos’s	lab	was	helpfully	labeled	with	a	simple	illuminated	yellow	and	black	LAB	sign
and	a	handwritten
WE	ARE	“OPEN”!

sign	in	the	front	window.	The	door	was	unlocked,	and	led	first	into	a	small	waiting	room,
like	a	doctor’s	office	but	with	fewer	deadly	traps.	She	passed	through	it	into	the	lab	itself.
Carlos	and	his	team	of	five	scientists	were	huddled	around	a	table.	There	were	rows	of

beakers	 around	 them,	 all	 bubbling,	 and	 a	 chalkboard	 covered	 in	 numbers	 and	 also	 the
word	 science!	 in	 different	 fancy	 cursives.	 Some	 of	 the	 iterations	 had	 pink	 chalk	 hearts
around	them.	It	was	much	like	any	university-level	science	lab.
“Excuse	me,”	Jackie	said.
None	 of	 the	 scientists	 noticed	 her.	 They	 were	 all	 writing	 busily	 on	 clipboards	 and
wearing	lab	coats.	This	is	called	“doing	an	experiment.”
She	walked	up	to	see	what	they	were	experimenting	on.	Under	some	work	lights	was	a
pink	plastic	flamingo.
“Careful	now,”	Carlos	was	saying.	“We	don’t	know	what	this	or	anything	else	does.”
The	scientists	nodded	in	unison	and	scribbled	on	their	clipboards.
“We	understand	very	little.”
More	nodding,	more	scribbling.
“Excuse	 me,	 Carlos?”	 she	 said.	 He	 turned.	 There	 really	 was	 something	 blindingly
handsome	about	him.	His	hair	maybe.	Or	his	demeanor.	People	are	beautiful	when	they	do
beautiful	 things.	 Perhaps	 he	 had	 spent	 most	 of	 his	 life	 doing	 beautiful	 things	 and	 it	 had
really	stuck.	He	smiled.	He	had	teeth	like	a	military	cemetery.
“Jackie,	hello.	I’m	sorry,	I	was	doing	science.”	He	waved	over	at	the	flamingo.	“This
is	all	very	sciency	stuff.	Just	here	is	an	equation,”	he	said,	indicating	some	numbers	on	the
chalkboard.	“It’s	important	to	have	equations.”
“I	see	that.	How’s	Cecil?”
“Overenthusiastic,	consumed	with	his	work,	has	very	little	understanding	of	science.	I
love	him	a	lot.	The	usual.”
The	 scientists	 nodded	 and	 wrote	 on	 their	 clipboards.	 All	 information	 was	 important
information,	even	if	the	reasons	were	not	immediately	apparent.	The	reason	for	anything
was	 rarely	 immediately	 or	 even	 eventually	 apparent,	 but	 it	 existed	 somewhere,	 like	 a
moon	that	had	escaped	orbit	and	was	no	longer	a	moon	but	just	a	piece	of	something	that
once	 was,	 spinning	 off	 into	 the	 nothing.	 The	 scientists	 were	 just	 then	 writing	 down	 that
very	metaphor.	Metaphors	are	a	big	part	of	science.
“I	need	your	help,	Carlos.”
“Jackie,	there’s	little	I	love	more	than	helping	people.	Science	and	Cecil	are	about	it.
But	I’m	in	the	middle	of	an	important	experiment,	and	I	think	if	we	just	push	through	we
might	figure	out	why	the	experiment	is	important.	Finding	out	why	we	are	doing	what	we
already	were	doing	is	an	exciting	moment,	and	I	believe	we	may	be	almost	there.”
“All	right,	dude,	but—”
“Besides,	Josie	asked	us	to	look	at	this,	and	I	owe	her	a	few.	More	than	a	few.	I	owe
her,	I	don’t	know,	a	high	number.	I	would	express	it	as	an	equation,	but	it’s	all	figurative
and	figurative	math	is	really	tricky.”

“Carlos,	look.”
She	 held	 up	 her	 left	 hand.	 The	 scientists	 all	 waited	 with	 pencils	 hovering,	 unsure	 of
what	observations	they	should	be	making	at	that	moment.	She	did	all	her	tricks	with	the
slip	of	paper.	She	tossed	it	on	the	ground,	tore	it	into	pieces,	flung	it	onto	a	Bunsen	burner.
Hell,	she	ate	it.	Why	not?
Each	trick	ended	the	same	way,	with	her	holding	the	uncreased	paper	back	in	her	left
hand,	where	it	had	never	really	left.
Carlos	dropped	his	clipboard.
“You	too?”	he	said.
“Me	too?”
“Let	me	see	that.”
He	took	the	slip	of	paper	and	examined	it	closely.	When	he	let	go	it	was	back	in	her
hand.	The	scientists	were	staring,	mouths	open.	Their	clipboards	were	at	their	sides.	One
of	them	appeared	to	have	overloaded	and	shut	down	completely.
Carlos	 rushed	 around	 the	 lab,	 turning	 on	 and	 off	 burners,	 and	 throwing	 switches
frantically.	The	other	scientists	helped	the	one	scientist	reboot.
“We	start	immediately,”	Carlos	shouted.
“Oh,	good,”	she	shouted	back.	“Why	are	we	shouting?”

12

“Here	is	what	we	know	so	far.	The	composition	of	the	graphite	is	what	you	would	expect
to	 find	 in	 graphite.	 The	 composition	 of	 the	 paper	 is	 exactly	 what	 you	 would	 expect	 in
paper.	All	the	parts	are	as	we	suspected,	even	as	the	whole	astonishes.
“It	does	not	appear	to	be	physically	dangerous.	Mentally	it	exerts	a	hold	stronger	than
even	the	fascination	with	its	properties	could	explain.	After	all,	and	I	speak	as	someone
who	 came	 here	 for	 what	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 only	 a	 short	 research	 fellowship	 with	 the
local	community	college,	this	town	is	mostly	made	of	the	unexplained.
“Sorry,	I’m	getting	distracted.	Also,	can	you	stop	throwing	the	paper	at	me?	I	know	it
never	 actually	 reaches	 me,	 but	 it’s	 still	 unnerving,	 and	 I’m	 helping	 you	 out	 here.	 Thank
you.	I’m	sorry	if	I	snapped.	It’s	okay	to	say	I	did.	No,	it’s	okay.
“King	City	is	a	small	town	of	a	little	over	ten	thousand	people	in	Monterey	County.
You	 can	 see	 pictures	 of	 it	 online.	 Just	 search	 any	 phrase	 at	 all	 in	 image	 search	 and	 a
picture	 of	 it	 will	 always	 be	 the	 first	 result.	 There	 doesn’t	 appear	 to	 be	 anything	 unusual
about	it,	any	more	than	any	other	place	where	people	live	their	unusual	lives.
“You	are	not	the	first	I’ve	seen	with	these	slips	of	paper.	It’s	not	important	who	else.
It’s	 important	 to	 them,	 but	 not	 to	 you.	 I	 haven’t	 thought	 much	 about	 it,	 so	 I	 guess	 not
important	to	me	either.	I	just	assumed	it	was	another	passing	strangeness	that	would	take
care	of	itself	before	Cecil	even	finished	the	broadcast	day	of	reporting	on	it.	But	it’s	been	a
few	weeks	now.	And	I	didn’t	realize	the	paper	did	that.	I	wonder	what	else	it	does.
“You’ve	reported	feeling	like	your	life	is	different	since	getting	the	paper.	Like	you	are
not	 yourself	 anymore,	 and	 the	 past	 is	 not	 your	 past,	 and	 the	 future	 you	 planned	 is	 now
impossible.	 This	 is	 a	 common	 feeling,	 usually	 felt	 when	 we	 first	 wake	 up	 or	 when	 we
receive	thoughts	that	do	not	seem	to	be	our	own	while	showering.	But	with	that	feeling
sustained	as	long	as	it	has	been,	and	the	start	of	it	aligning	exactly	with	your	receiving	of
the	paper,	it	is	safe	to	say	that	the	two	are	connected.
“Here,	look	at	this	equation.	I	have	no	idea	what	it	means.	It’s	really	long	though.	I’m
going	to	add	a	couple	more	variables.	Great,	that	looks	really	great.	Nilanjana,	please	add
that	to	the	chalkboard.
“The	next	obvious	step	would	be	to	go	visit	King	City	itself.	See	if	all	of	this	can	be
explained	 through	 simple	 physical	 proximity,	 or	 even	 if	 the	 slip	 of	 paper	 will	 react
differently	when	it	is	proclaiming	location	rather	than	destination.
“Oh,	 and	 Nilanjana?	 Draw	 another	 ‘Science’	 with	 a	 heart	 around	 it	 please.	 Put	 that

next	to	the	new	equation.	Thank	you,	Nils.
“But	getting	to	King	City	is	not	as	easy.	Getting	anywhere	from	Night	Vale	is	a	little
tricky,	as	we	have	a	vast	desert	around	us	and	our	reality	does	not	seem	to	align	exactly
with	the	reality	of	the	rest	of	the	world,	but	King	City	is	an	especially	difficult	case.
“Look	at	this	map.	Stan,	can	you	please	put	the	map	up	on	the	projector?	No,	wrong
slide.	 That’s	 the	 picture	 of	 a	 bee	 with	 a	 label	 saying	 ‘Blood	 Oath.’	 That	 goes	 with	 the
apiology	project.	Yes,	the	next	three	slides	as	well.	They’re	some	free-writing	I	did	about
bees.	That’s	why	they’re	labeled	‘Research	Notes.’
“Okay,	yes,	good.	There’s	the	map.	So	this	is	a	map	of	our	region,	with	all	roads	and
highways,	and	I	want	to	show	you	all	something.	Let’s	start	here	with	a	laser	pointer	and
try	to	make	our	way	from	Night	Vale	to	King	City.	Head	out	on	Route	800	and	then	turn
here,	 and	 merge	 with	 this—	 But	 oops,	 we	 missed	 it.	 So	 we	 go	 back,	 maybe	 try	 cutting
across	on	this	little	mountain	road.	You	believe	in	mountains,	right?	Not	everyone	does.
Either	way,	we	end	up	miles	away.	You	see?	None	of	the	roads	connect.	It	is	like	they	are
two	entirely	different	road	systems	that	seem	like	they	should	connect	but	never	do.
“Here,	this	next	slide	even	brings	us	down	to	the	level	of	horse	and	hiking	trails,	small
ranch	roads,	stuff	like	that.	I	won’t	try	to	trace	it	all	out	right	now,	but	believe	me:	there	is
no	sequence	of	walking	or	driving	or	any	other	kind	of	transportation	that	would	take	us
from	here	to	King	City.	Even	though,	and	this	is	very	strange,	we	could	easily	follow	any
number	 of	 roads	 to	 get	 to,	 say,	 Soledad,	 just	 a	 few	 miles	 down	 the	 highway	 from	 our
target.	Okay,	so	easy	enough,	now	that	you	got	to	Soledad,	just	head	down	the	highway	to
King	City.	Well,	if	you’re	starting	in	Soledad	you	can	do	that.	But	if	you	start	tracing	the
roads	all	the	way	back	in	Night	Vale,	then	by	the	time	you	get	to	Soledad	you	can’t	find
any	way	to	get	to	King	City.
“Scientifically	speaking,	wow.	Big	wow.	This	makes	no	sense,	right?	Do	you	think	this
makes	no	sense?	Everyone	nod	if	this	makes	no	sense.	Everyone’s	nodding.	See,	we	are
all	in	agreement	that	it	makes	no	sense.
“But	this	is	all	laboratory	work.	And	what	does	lab	work	tell	you?	Almost	everything.
Labs	are	very	important.
“Something	 is	 wrong	 with	 King	 City.	 That’s	 the	 most	 scientific	 answer	 I	 could	 give
you.	And	I	think	that	it	would	be	dangerous	to	go.	Which	you	couldn’t	do	anyway.	But
even	the	attempt	might	do	irrevocable	harm	to	your	person	or	to	the	consciousness	within
your	person.	Not	recommended.
“You	might	try	talking	to	our	mayor.	She’s	had	some	experience	with	other	worlds.	I
can’t	think	of	anyone	else	who	has.	Besides,	of	course,	me.	I’ve	had	extensive	experience.
But	I	don’t	like	talking	about	myself.	It’s	personal	and	not	scientific.
“Most	people	don’t	leave	here.	Most	people	only	come	and	then	stay	and	stay	and	stay.
Honestly,	I	have	no	idea	how	long	I’ve	been	here.	Time	doesn’t	work	here	and	all	that.	But
not	long	enough.	I	haven’t	stayed	long	enough.
“Oh,	sorry,	I	have	to	go.	Or	you	have	to	go.	I’m	going	to	stay	here,	this	is	my	place	of

business.	But	it’s	just	that	Cecil’s	show	is	almost	on	and	I	never	miss	it.
“No,	I	think	I	haven’t	stayed	long	enough	at	all,”	Carlos	said.

13

The	Moonlite	All-Nite	Diner	along	Route	800	served	okay	coffee.	Okay	pies.
Some	of	the	pies	and	coffee	were	invisible,	and,	for	the	people	who	like	invisible	pie
or	 invisible	 coffee,	 this	 was	 a	 real	 plus.	 Here’s	 what:	 If	 you	 like	 a	 thing,	 and	 only	 one
place	in	town	serves	that	thing,	you’re	going	to	be	pretty	excited	by	that	thing,	regardless
of	quality.
So	 for	 people	 who	 like	 invisible	 pie,	 the	 invisible	 pie	 at	 the	 Moonlite	 All-Nite	 was
perfect,	despite	being	just	okay.
Diane	did	not	like	invisible	pie.	Her	friend	on	the	PTA,	Steve	Carlsberg,	was	one	of
those	 people	 who	 championed	 the	 unpopular	 dessert.	 “It’s	 an	 underappreciated	 pie,
Diane,”	Steve	would	sometimes	say	between	bites.	“You	develop	a	taste	for	it,	like	you	do
with	scotch	whiskey,	or	cilantro,	or	a	salt	lick.”
Diane	 remained	 unconvinced.	 Her	 issue	 was	 not	 with	 flavor	 (the	 pie	 had	 none)	 but
with	texture	(it	had	none).
But	Diane	was	not	at	the	Moonlite	with	Steve	now.	She	was	there	to	meet	Dawn.
They	rarely	interacted	at	work	and	even	less	often	outside	of	work.	There	were	a	lot	of
reasons	 for	 this,	 none	 of	 them	 interesting.	 Not	 everybody	 gets	 to	 be	 friends	 with
everybody.
Diane	was	not	friends	with	many	people.	She	had	drifted	apart	from	her	childhood	and
teenage	friends,	because	of	age	and	changing	circumstance	and	the	high	rate	of	mysterious
disappearance	 and	 death	 in	 Night	 Vale.	 In	 her	 mid-twenties,	 she	 found	 herself	 at	 the
funeral	of	what	was	her	last	remaining	childhood	friend	(Cynthia	Yin,	whom	she	had	met
in	Music	Censorship	class	in	third	grade	and	who	had	survived	three	UFO	attacks,	a	year’s
incarceration	 by	 the	 City	 Council	 for	 voting	 incorrectly	 in	 a	 municipal	 election,	 and	 a
direct	 encounter	 with	 a	 pack	 of	 street	 cleaners,	 only	 to	 die	 of	 a	 liver	 cancer	 which	 had
gone	 undiagnosed	 for	 over	 a	 year),	 and	 she	 wondered	 whether	 it	 was	 worth	 it	 to	 have
friends,	to	make	any	connections	at	all	when	the	world	so	easily	took	them	from	her.
Since	then,	she	had	continued	making	friends,	but	they	all,	like	Steve,	were	friends	of
circumstance.	 The	 people	 she	 worked	 with	 in	 the	 PTA.	 Regulars	 here	 at	 the	 Moonlite.
Even	 the	 people	 and	 sentient	 patches	 of	 haze	 who	 often	 walked	 the	 same	 evening
neighborhood	route	as	she	did,	which	was	more	of	a	distant	nodding	relationship	than	a
friendship,	 but	 whose	 names	 she	 knew.	 (A	 few	 of	 them	 had	 even	 whispered	 some
interesting	secrets	to	her	as	they	passed.)

Mostly	she	contented	herself	with	Josh,	who	was	not	a	friend,	and	was	often	not	even
friendly,	but	who	filled	her	life	until	it	couldn’t	fit	much	else.	She	looked	with	excitement
and	unease	to	the	day	when	he	would	grow	old	enough	that	her	heart	could	empty	a	bit	of
him	and	there	would	be	a	space	left	where	someone	else	could	fit,	although	she	couldn’t
imagine	who.
Anyway,	Dawn	was	late.	This	was	fine	with	Diane.
Laura,	one	of	the	regular	waiters,	was	standing	over	a	table,	long	leafy	plants	growing
from	 her	 chest	 and	 arms	 and	 neck.	 The	 diners	 plucked	 the	 fruits	 from	 her	 branches,
looking	at	each	bright	bulb	for	dents,	smelling	them	for	ripeness.
Diane	had	written	down	some	things	to	talk	to	Dawn	about.	She	wanted	to	know	the
obvious:	how’ve	you	been,	how’s	the	family,	do	you	have	a	family	(written	in	parentheses,
as	 Diane	 did	 not	 want	 to	 presume	 that	 everyone	 has	 a	 “family”),	 how	 are	 you	 feeling,
name	every	person	you’ve	ever	worked	with,	and	so	on.
But	this	was	all	leading	to	the	real	reason	for	their	conversation.	Evan.	Was	his	name
Evan?	She	looked	at	her	notepad.	“EVAN,”	it	said	in	an	unfamiliar	hand.
“Evan,”	Diane	said	aloud.
“Hey,	Diane,”	Laura	shouted	across	the	way,	a	family	of	five	yanking	blackberries	and
tomatoes	from	her	sides.	“Good	to	see	you	again.	Somebody’ll	be	with	you	in	a	minute,	all
right?”
Diane	 smiled	 and	 waved.	 Laura	 was	 bleeding	 along	 her	 wooden	 limbs.	 The	 diners
stopped	taking	the	food	from	her	and	stared	in	discomfort.
“Oops,	sorry	about	that,	let	me	get	you	another	server.	Be	right	back.”
Laura	 bled	 her	 way	 toward	 the	 kitchen.	 A	 branch	 caught	 on	 a	 sink	 and	 snapped	 off.
Laura	begin	to	weep,	still	making	her	way	toward	the	coffee	machine,	her	face	growing
paler	and	paler	as	the	stump	of	the	branch	spurted	blood	onto	the	coffee	cups.
“Oh	 jeez,”	 she	 said,	 tears	 falling	 from	 her	 face	 and	 landing	 like	 dew	 on	 her	 already
blood-spotted	leaves.	“Clumsy	me.	Just	a	real	Sally	Knock-’em-down.”
A	blond	man	wearing	a	white	apron,	handsome	in	all	of	the	expected	ways	(and	in	this
way	almost	forgettable),	followed	behind	her	carrying	a	tray	of	used	dishes.	As	he	rounded
the	corner	of	the	table,	Diane	saw	it	was	Troy.
Diane	got	to	her	feet	before	she	even	knew	that	was	what	she	was	going	to	do.	He	did
not	look	at	her.	He	trotted	with	his	dishes.	She	thought	she	was	going	to	say	something,
but	she	didn’t	know	what	to	say,	so	she	just	followed	him.	It	was	definitely	Troy.	Would
she	follow	him	into	the	kitchen?	She	wouldn’t	know	until	the	moment	came.
He	was	nearing	the	swinging	silver	door	and	they	were	well	past	the	restroom	arrow
sign,	 well	 past	 the	 point	 where	 her	 presence	 could	 be	 excused,	 and	 still	 she	 hadn’t	 said
anything	to	him.
The	man,	and	now	she	was	starting	to	feel	unsure	that	it	was	Troy,	maybe	just	a	man

who	 looked	 similar,	 or	 even	 a	 man	 who	 didn’t	 look	 that	 similar	 at	 all,	 turned	 around	 to
face	Diane.	As	he	pressed	his	back	against	the	door	to	open	it,	he	looked	at	her.
“Excuse	me,”	Diane	said	much	louder	than	she	had	intended,	“is	this	the	restroom?”
He	said	nothing.	The	door	swung	shut,	then	open,	in	smaller	and	smaller	increments.
The	man	who	looked	like	Troy	was	gone.
“What	are	you	doing,	Diane?”	It	was	Laura.	She	was	not	smiling.	Her	branches	were
still	bleeding	a	little	onto	the	floor.
“Nothing.	I	just—”
“Restrooms	are	back	that	way.”
Diane	pointed	at	the	door	to	the	kitchen.
“Nope,	 back	 that	 way,”	 Laura	 said,	 her	 face	 giving	 nothing	 away	 but	 bland	 service
industry	congeniality.
Diane	walked	toward	the	restroom,	but	she	did	not	need	to	use	it	so	she	just	slowed	her
way	 back	 into	 the	 restaurant	 and	 past	 the	 coffee	 counter,	 glancing	 into	 the	 kitchen	 area.
She	couldn’t	see	anyone	in	it.
“They’re	right	over	there,	Diane,”	Laura	said	from	across	the	room.	She	pointed	with	a
leafy	arm,	her	face	no	longer	congenial,	her	eyes	unmoving,	unmoved.
Diane	turned	and	went	into	the	restroom.	She	stood	in	front	of	the	mirror	for	a	minute,
her	hands	gripping	either	end	of	the	sink.	It	had	been	Troy,	she	knew	it.	Or,	well,	maybe	it
hadn’t	been.	And	anyway	she	was	here	to	find	out	about	…	Ethan?	Ellen?	She	couldn’t
remember	the	name.	Nothing	about	herself	seemed	certain.	She	shouted	into	the	sink.	It
did	nothing	in	response.	She	shouted	again,	wondering	if	the	people	out	in	the	dining	room
could	hear	her.	No	one	came	in,	anyway.	She	wasn’t	sure	she	had	even	been	shouting	out
loud,	or	if	she	had	only	thought	about	shouting.	Her	throat	felt	raw.
She	ran	the	sink	and	then	the	hand	dryer	and	then	returned	to	her	booth.
Dawn	was	there.
“The	waiter	told	me	you	were	in	the	restroom.	She	said	to	have	a	seat.	Sorry	I’m	late.”
“Hi,	Dawn.	It’s	good	to	see	you.”
Her	 throat	 was	 tight	 and	 sore	 as	 she	 spoke,	 and	 she	 tried	 to	 make	 her	 voice	 sound
normal.
“What’s	this?”	Dawn	grabbed	the	notepad	Diane	had	left	sitting	on	the	tabletop.
“No,	you	don’t	have	to—”	Diane	started.	“It’s	just	some	things—”
Dawn	grinned	as	she	read	it.
“Well,	first	off,	I	am	fine.	How	are	you?	Do	you	have	a	pen?”
Diane	indicated	the	pen	next	to	the	salt,	pepper,	and	sand	shakers.

“Ah,	great.”	Dawn	took	it	and	checked	off	the	questions	as	she	answered	them.	“The
family’s	 great.	 My	 sister	 is	 pregnant.	 My	 father	 retired	 and	 is	 making	 hammocks.	 As	 a
hobby,	 you	 understand.	 He’s	 made	 thousands,	 leaving	 them	 in	 a	 giant	 pile	 on	 his	 front
lawn.	The	neighborhood	association	is	upset	because	they	think	it’s	a	political	statement,
some	kind	of	conceptual	art	installation	about	the	existence	of	mountains.”
“Yikes.	That’s	very	controversial,”	said	Diane,	finding	a	gap	in	the	conversation	she
could	work	her	voice	into.	“I	mean,	I	believe	in	mountains	and	all,	but	I	understand	it’s	a
controversial	viewpoint.	I	would	never	force	that	viewpoint	on	others.”
“Right,	well,	that’s	not	what	he’s	trying	to	do	at	all.	Don’t	get	down	on	my	dad.	You
don’t	know	him.	He	just	likes	making	hammocks	and	then	putting	them	in	a	pile.	That’s
something	he’s	always	loved.”
“I’m	sorry.	That’s	not	what	I	meant.	I’m	glad	your	father	is	happy.”
“He	 says	 kids	 come	 by	 sometimes	 trying	 to	 steal	 hammocks	 from	 his	 pile	 to	 hang
between	two	trees	and	lie	on.	He	manages	to	chase	most	of	those	vandals	away.	He	acts
irritated	when	he	talks	about	it,	but,	between	you	and	me,	I	think	he	likes	the	challenge.”
Dawn	 checked	 the	 next	 thing	 off	 the	 list	 and	 added,	 “Yes,	 I	 have	 a	 family.	 It	 might
have	made	more	sense	to	put	that	first.”
Diane	 didn’t	 think	 that	 anything	 about	 today	 was	 likely	 to	 make	 sense.	 She	 felt
nauseous	 after	 that	 moment	 in	 the	 restroom	 and	 was	 extra	 glad	 she	 hadn’t	 ordered	 any
food,	invisible	or	not.
“I’m	feeling	okay,”	Dawn	said,	pen	over	the	next	question.	“I	had	a	migraine	recently,
although	of	course	I	didn’t	know	until	someone	told	me.”
“Of	course,”	said	Diane.	Why	of	course?
“Also	a	bout	of	food	poisoning.	Had	to	miss	a	couple	of	days.”
“You	got	a	migraine	from	food	poisoning?”
“What?	No,	how	would	that	happen?	It	was	just	food	poisoning.	We	have	the	salmon
deliveryman	 come	 by	 every	 Tuesday,	 and	 leave	 fresh	 salmon	 on	 our	 porch.	 Lately	 the
quality	seems	to	be	deteriorating.	He	used	to	put	an	entire	live	fish	there	and	lumber	away.
We’d	open	the	door	to	find	a	wet	creature	with	panicked,	unblinking	eyes,	flopping	around
outside	our	 door.	 We’d	 kill	 it	 with	 strychnine	 and	 have	 delicious	 steaks	 and	 salads	 and
pastas.	But	lately,	he’s	just	been	leaving	wet	piles	of	torn,	pinkish	gray	flesh	that	I	hope	is
salmon.	Honestly,	I	think	he’s	just	tossing	it	from	the	sidewalk,	not	even	walking	up	to	the
porch	anymore.”
“I’ve	never	heard	of	any	kind	of	meat	causing	food	poisoning.	Just	wheat	and	its	byproducts.”
“Well,	me	neither,	of	course,	but	after	we	ate	this	week’s	salmon	delivery,	and	it	was
especially	moist	and	spongy	this	week,	Stuart	and	I	both	felt	a	bit	sick.	We	couldn’t	get
out	of	bed	for	days.”

“Is	Stuart	your	husband?”	Diane	asked.
“Who?”
“Stuart.”
“Who	is	Stuart?”
“You	just	said	his	name	is	Stuart.	The	man	you	live	with.”
“I	live	alone,	Diane.	Single	as	single	can	be.”
Diane	 suddenly	 felt	 like	 the	 words	 she	 was	 saying	 were	 twisting	 in	 her	 mouth	 and
coming	out	as	different	words	altogether.	No	part	of	the	conversation	was	connecting	with
any	other	part.	She	might	throw	up	after	all,	but	she	had	just	been	in	the	restroom.	It	would
look	strange	to	run	back	to	it	so	soon.	The	thought	of	that	slight	embarrassment	kept	her
stomach	in	check.
“Who	did	you	eat	that	salmon	with	the	other	night?”
“Nobody.	 Just	 me.	 Like	 I	 said,	 this	 is	 my	 first	 time	 out	 with	 someone	 else	 in	 over	 a
month,	I	think.	So	glad	you	invited	me.”
“Right.	I’m	glad	you	agreed	to	meet	me.”
A	gray-gloved	hand	rose	over	the	edge	of	the	table,	holding	two	coffees.	It	quietly	slid
them	in	front	of	the	two	women.	They	pretended	they	did	not	see	the	hand,	maintaining
eye	contact	and	waiting	in	polite	silence	as	it	pushed	food	they	had	never	actually	ordered
onto	the	table:	a	Greek	salad	for	Diane	and	a	Denver	omelet	for	Dawn.	The	hand	made	a
subtle	flourish	of	accomplishment	and	then	disappeared	back	under	the	table.
“This	is	about”—Dawn	looked	back	at	Diane’s	list—“Evan?”
Diane	moved	the	Greek	salad	away	from	her,	one	hand	on	her	stomach.
“Yes.	I	remember	working	with	Evan.	I	remember	him	going	missing	from	our	office
the	same	time	you	were	out	sick.	He	called	me	the	day	you	came	back,	and	when	I	went	to
his	cubicle,	where	I	was	certain	he	worked,	there	was	no	cubicle	there.	Just	a	plant	and	a
photo	and	a	chair.”
“Mm.”	Dawn’s	mouth	was	full	of	omelet.	She	seemed	very	hungry.	It	must	have	been
the	recovery	from	the	food	poisoning.
“And	neither	you	nor	Catharine	remember	anyone	named	Evan	working	with	us?”
“I’m	sorry.	I	don’t,”	Dawn	said,	having	swallowed	the	mouthful	of	egg.	Diane	felt	a
surge	in	the	back	of	her	mouth	and	had	to	take	a	moment	to	keep	herself	together.
“It’s	 just	 that,”	 she	 said	 after	 that	 moment,	 “how	 can	 you	 sit	 so	 close	 to	 where
someone	worked	and	have	no	recollection	of	them?”
“Well,	Diane,	I—”
“You	didn’t	call	in.	Catharine	had	some	of	us	ready	to	go	to	your	house	to	find	you,
Dawn.	But	then	you	get	back	to	work	and	Catharine	is	like	‘No,	I	was	totally	in	the	know,’

and	you	were	like	‘Yeah,	just	food	poisoning.’	But	I’m	telling	you	the	feeling	around	the
office	 before	 you	 came	 back	 was	 that	 you	 and,	 and”—Diane	 glanced	 at	 her	 notepad
—“Evan	were	both	missing.	We	almost	had	to	get	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police	involved.”
Dawn	set	the	pen	down	and	slid	the	notepad	back	to	Diane.	Her	lips	were	stern	and
thin	and	had	a	bit	of	egg	on	them.
“Diane,	tell	me	what	you	remember	about	this	Evan.”
“I	remember	working	with	him.	For	years.”
“Did	he	like	sports?”
“I	don’t	know.”
“Movies?	 TV	 shows?	 Books?	 Certain	 types	 of	 dogs?	 What	 kind	 of	 clothes	 did	 he
wear?”
“I	remember	a	tan	jacket.”
“What	else?	What	color	shirts?	How	tall	was	he?	Was	he	married?	How	old	was	he?
What’s	a	memorable	thing	he	once	said?	Did	he	ever	tell	you	a	joke?	Or	maybe	he	had
some	insight	during	a	meeting?	What	department	did	Evan	work	in,	Diane?”
A	long	pause	became	a	short	pause	became	a	quick	beat	became	nothing.
“I	don’t	want	to	make	you	seem	crazy,	Diane.	I	really	don’t.	Listen,	I’m	just	happy	to
have	a	friend	to	hang	out	with.	I	can’t	remember	the	last	time	I	hung	out	with	somebody.
But	I	can	tell	you	there	was	never	an	Evan	at	our	office.”
Dawn’s	face	was	flushed,	and	she	was	breathing	hard.	She	seemed	furious,	but	it	might
have	just	been	the	food	poisoning.
Diane	saw	the	familiar	blond	man	ducking	under	the	counter.	She	counted	slowly	to
ten,	but	the	man	did	not	come	back	up.	Maybe	she	hadn’t	seen	anything.	Maybe	she	had
come	 into	 existence	 seconds	 ago	 and	 had	 made	 up	 every	 moment	 until	 this	 moment	 to
explain	how	she	came	to	be	sitting	in	this	booth	in	this	diner.
Dawn	took	a	sip	of	her	coffee	to	cover	the	silence,	which	went	longer	than	either	of
them	had	anticipated,	so	the	sip	ended	up	draining	her	mug.	She	set	down	the	empty	mug
and	wiped	coffee	and	egg	off	her	mouth.
“Sometimes	the	only	things	we	can	know	for	sure	are	the	things	we	feel.	I	believe	you,
Diane.	I	disagree	with	you,	but	I	believe	you.”
Diane	felt	a	gentle	hand	touch	her	own,	a	sympathetic	pat.	Dawn	had	both	hands	on
her	coffee	cup.	Diane	looked	back	down	at	her	own	hand,	and	saw	the	final	quick	motion
of	a	gray-gloved	hand	disappearing	under	her	table.

14

Jackie	felt,	as	the	door	swung	her	back	out	onto	the	sun-cracked	asphalt,	that	science	had
taught	her	little.	Carlos	had	suggested	seeing	the	mayor.	It	would	mean	going	to	City	Hall,
which	 would	 put	 her	 in	 dangerous	 proximity	 to	 the	 City	 Council,	 but	 the	 mayor	 herself
was	a	comforting	figure,	and	probably	safe	enough.
City	 Hall	 was	 certainly	 better	 than	 where	 Old	 Woman	 Josie	 wanted	 her	 to	 go.
Anywhere	was	better	than	the	library.
She	 sauntered	 to	 her	 car,	 not	 in	 any	 hurry	 to	 leave	 the	 mild	 warmth	 of	 the	 evening
sunlight.	The	desert	beyond	the	roads	and	buildings	was	going	pink	at	the	edges,	orange
farther	in,	and	then	a	deep	yellow	glow	where	the	setting	sun	met	the	horizon.	It	was	all
very	pretty	to	look	at,	and	so	she	did.	As	a	result,	she	did	not	notice	what	was	in	her	car
until	it	grabbed	her	as	she	opened	the	door.
“Erika!	 You	 scared	 the	 shit	 out	 of	 me.”	 Jackie	 had	 to	 intentionally	 restart	 her
breathing.
The	impossibly	tall	being,	seemingly	made	of	bright	black	beams	of	light,	shrugged,
and	there	was	the	flutter	of	hundreds	of	tiny	wings	all	beating	at	once.
“Fear	is	a	reasonable	response	to	life.”
Jackie	 didn’t	 have	 time	 for	 general	 philosophizing	 from	 a	 being	 it	 was	 illegal	 to
acknowledge	 existed.	 Or	 maybe	 she	 did	 have	 time.	 She	 wasn’t	 about	 to	 pretend	 she
understood	anything	at	all	about	time.
“You’re	in	my	car,	so	explain	why	or	get	out.”
Erika	 turned	 to	 look	 at	 her.	 Where	 eyes	 might	 be	 on	 a	 human	 being	 was	 a	 shadowy
glow	 that	 Jackie	 could	 taste	 in	 the	 back	 of	 her	 mouth.	 It	 tasted	 like	 strawberry	 candy
covered	in	mud.
“I	come	with	a	message	on	behalf	of	the	angels.	We	are	afraid.	All	of	us.	I	am	perhaps
the	most	afraid.”
Jackie	 forced	 herself	 to	 meet	 Erika’s	 gaze	 directly,	 or	 as	 directly	 as	 she	 could	 given
that	she	could	not	locate	their	eyes.
“Is	that	message	supposed	to	be	useful	to	me?”
“It	is	not	supposed	to	be	anything.	It	is	just	a	message.	Messages	are	for	the	sender,	not
the	receiver.”

“Then,	dude,	I	hope	it	helped	you	out,	telling	me	that.	I	really	do	hope	that,	but	could
you	get	out	of	my	car?	Or	else	you’re	going	to	end	up	at	City	Hall,	because	that’s	where
I’m	going.”
The	fluttering	of	wings	again.	A	soft	voice	singing	somewhere	far	above	them.
Erika	shrugged.
“Actually,	I	could	use	a	ride.	Do	you	mind?”
“Do	you	have	gas	money?”	Jackie	wadded	up	the	piece	of	paper	in	her	left	hand	and
threw	it	into	Erika’s	chest.	It	bounced	to	the	window	and	then	back	down	into	Erika’s	lap.
“I	am	afraid	of	this	piece	of	paper,”	said	Erika.
“KING	CITY,”	said	the	paper.
“Even	 angels	 are	 afraid,”	 said	 Jackie.	 Erika	 stared	 blankly	 into	 a	 blank	 lap.	 Several
listening	antennas	on	nearby	rooftops	swung	around	to	point	at	the	car.	A	small	blinking
light	on	the	dashboard	repeated	the	warning
ANGEL	ACKNOWLEDGED.

Jackie	pushed	the	reset	button	to	turn	it	off.
“Sorry,	I	meant	even	you	are	afraid,”	she	articulated	loudly	for	the	listening	devices.
“Seriously,	do	you	have	gas	money?”
“There	was	a	time	where	I	was	extremely	wealthy.	One	of	the	most	wealthy	people.
But	 angels	 don’t	 use	 money,	 as	 they	 keep	 telling	 me	 over	 and	 over.”	 Erika	 folded	 their
hands	in	their	lap.
“Figures.	All	right,	Erika,	let’s	go.”
She	 started	 the	 car,	 somehow,	 even	 though	 nothing	 about	 the	 engine	 should	 have
started.	 “Rocks.	 This	 is	 just	 a	 bag	 of	 rocks,”	 her	 mechanic	 had	 muttered	 during	 her	 last
scheduled	maintenance,	tears	running	down	his	face.
As	she	pulled	the	car	out,	Erika	pointed	into	the	desert.
“Behold.”
Out	amidst	the	spectrum	of	sunset,	the	giant	glass	building	had	returned.	There	were
others	with	it,	a	multitude	of	glass	specters,	and	bubbles	of	light	with	a	source	that	did	not
seem	to	be	the	rapidly	departing	sun.	The	voices	of	a	crowd	chanting	something	just	on
the	edge	of	intelligible	came	with	it.
“So?”	 said	 Jackie,	 continuing	 to	 navigate	 out	 of	 the	 parking	 lot.	 “Sometimes	 in	 my
mirror	I	see	brief	flashes	of	a	faceless	old	woman.	These	things	happen.”
“Not	these	things,”	said	Erika.	“This	is	all	wrong.	We	are	worried	about	Old	Woman
Josie.	 We	 are	 worried	 for	 her.	 I	 am	 terrified.	 I	 am	 terrified.”	 A	 few	 of	 their	 long	 hands
were	rubbing	together.
“I’m	sure	there’s	nothing	to	be	terrified	of	about	visions	in	the	desert.	It’s	just	our	eyes

lying	to	us.	Every	part	of	our	bodies	lies	to	us	constantly.	Didn’t	you	ever	take	a	health
class	in	elementary	school?”	Jackie	said.
Erika	turned	in	their	seat	to	keep	whatever	they	passed	as	eyes	on	the	spot	in	the	desert
where	the	lights	had	been	until	the	desert	was	no	longer	visible.	They	turned	back.
There	was	a	comfortable	quiet	between	Erika	and	Jackie,	only	breaths	and	breeze	and
faint	traffic.
After	a	few	moments	of	this,	Jackie	asked,	“So,	seriously,	man,	no	gas	money?”
“All	right,	I	think	I	have	maybe	ten	bucks,”	said	the	angel.

15

“What	are	you	looking	for?”	Dawn	asked	to	the	back	of	Diane’s	head.
Diane	stopped.	She	had	felt	fine	a	second	ago,	but	now	a	sharpness	of	nerves	hit	her
chest.	She	knew	how	this	looked,	crouched	low,	lifting	up	the	trash	can	in	the	custodial
closet	near	the	office	elevator.
“I	lost	something	last	week,	a	slip	of	paper.”
“They’d	have	already	taken	last	week’s	trash.”
“I	 know.	 I	 just	 thought	 maybe	 it	 had	 fallen	 out.	 Loose	 paper.	 Never	 mind.”	 Diane
stood.
She	 was	 significantly	 taller	 than	 Dawn.	 At	 least	 five	 inches	 taller.	 Diane	 did	 not	 see
herself	as	taller.
“What	did	you	lose?	Maybe	I	can	help.”
Diane	hadn’t	exactly	avoided	Dawn	since	their	conversation	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite
Diner,	 but	 she	 had	 allowed	 the	 natural	 processes	 of	 work	 to	 wear	 away	 any	 bridge	 that
might	have	been	formed	between	them.	She	was	okay	with	distance.	She	was	okay	with
being	a	stranger.	And	thinking	about	that	day	at	the	diner	brought	back	the	nausea;	the	egg
on	 Dawn’s	 lip,	 the	 two	 realities	 in	 Dawn’s	 stories,	 and	 the	 blood	 dripping	 from	 Laura’s
branches.	Dawn’s	face	made	her	dizzy	with	memory.
“No,	it’s	fine.	It’s	fine.	It	was	a	small	piece	of	paper.”
“Like	a	receipt?”
“Yeah,	but	with	handwriting,	I	think.”
“So	a	note?”
“Yeah,	a	note.”
“What	did	the	note	say?”
Diane	 was	 unintentionally	 not	 breathing.	 When	 she	 noticed,	 she	 started	 breathing
again.
“It’s	fine.	You	don’t	have	to	tell	me.”
“KING	CITY,”	Diane	said	without	knowing	how	she	knew	to	say	it.
“King	City.”

“I	think	it	said	‘KING	CITY,’	in	pencil,	all	caps.”
“That’s	all	it	said?”
“Yes.	It	just	said	‘KING	CITY.’”
Dawn	stared	at	her,	and	Diane	didn’t	know	what	else	to	say.
“I	 don’t	 know	 how	 to	 help	 you,	 Diane,”	 Dawn	 said,	 a	 perfect	 mix	 of	 confused	 and
disappointed,	and	went	back	to	her	desk.
Diane	stayed	at	work,	not	working	on	work,	as	everyone	else	left—Dawn,	Catharine,
the	men	(all	named	Shawn)	who	worked	in	sales,	Piotr,	Celia,	Maya,	Martellus,	Ricardo,
and	Tina.
Once	everyone	was	gone,	she	logged	on	to	Tina’s	computer	(as	something	of	a	party
trick,	 she	 was	 excellent	 at	 guessing	 passwords	 based	 on	 a	 person’s	 personality,	 and	 had
long	 ago	 correctly	 guessed	 that	 Tina’s	 password	 was	 “WhoAmIReally”	 followed	 by
nineteen	question	marks),	and	looked	up	the	office	phone	records.
She	 glanced	 up	 every	 few	 moments,	 to	 make	 sure	 no	 one	 was	 coming	 back	 for	 a
forgotten	jacket,	or	to	use	the	Bloodstone	Circle	at	the	office	so	they	didn’t	have	to	wait
until	home	to	use	one.	But	the	office	was	silent.	She	felt	the	silence	more	than	heard	it.	In
her	tension	it	had	become	tactile.
There	was	no	record	of	people	who	called	in	to	the	office,	only	outgoing	calls,	so	that
was	no	good.	She	then	searched	the	payroll	folders	for	all	staff	lists.	Any	sign	of	someone
named	…
Diane	could	not	remember	who	she	was	looking	for.
Evan.	She	was	looking	for	Evan.	Diane	grabbed	blank	paper	from	Tina’s	printer	and
wrote	“EVAN”	in	pencil,	all	caps,	and	slid	it	into	a	new	manila	folder.
A	 search	 of	 Tina’s	 computer	 came	 back	 with	 no	 Evans.	 It	 found	 some	 usage	 of
“griEVANces”	in	a	folder	titled	“HR”	and	several	usages	of	“relEVANt”	in	Tina’s	e-mail
program.	No	“Evan.”
Diane	walked	around	the	empty	office	again,	to	reassure	herself	that	it	was	empty.	She
imagined	being	watched.
At	 Dawn’s	 computer	 (password	 “A11isL0ss”),	 Diane	 opened	 the	 web	 browser	 and
typed	in	the	address	of	every	phone	provider	she	could	think	of.	Two	letters	into	her	third
guess,	 the	 browser	 autofilled	 the	 address	 of	 a	 log-in	 screen.	 When	 she	 hit	 enter,	 the
browser	had	already	filled	in	a	user	name	and	password.
Diane	logged	into	Dawn’s	phone	account	as	Dawn.
She	 looked	 up	 recent	 call	 history	 and	 found	 the	 four	 dates	 Dawn	 was	 gone	 but	 no
record	of	her	calling	the	office.
Of	course,	this	did	not	mean	Dawn	did	not	have	another	phone	at	home.	Diane	tried
looking	up	more	phone	and	cable	providers.	There	were	no	other	autofills.

Outside	Catharine’s	office,	Diane	gripped	the	doorknob,	but	it	did	not	turn.	She	stared
at	the	brushed-nickel	knob.
She	 was	 not	 at	 all	 the	 type	 of	 person	 to	 break	 into	 her	 boss’s	 office.	 Or	 rather,	 as	 it
turned	out,	she	was	that	type	of	person,	but	she	had	never	considered	herself	that	type	of
person.	The	type	to	do	anything	that	anyone	might	consider	wrong	or	that	anyone	might
report	to	a	local	government	agency	or	amateur	surveillance	club.	She	was	responsible	and
quiet,	she	thought,	as	she	quietly	started	on	the	responsibility	of	getting	through	the	door.
She	first	imagined	the	old	trick	from	television	where	a	detective	pops	a	lock	with	a
credit	card.	Then	she	imagined	having	the	power	to	walk	through	walls	and,	by	extension,
doors.
Then	she	imagined	being	a	professional	locksmith,	with	a	small	backpack	full	of	short
wires	that	she	would	shove	carefully	into	a	standard	lock,	grease	smudges	on	her	knuckles
and	face,	a	cold,	concentrated	look	in	her	eye	and	a	plastic-handled	screwdriver	hanging
by	its	flat-headed	tip	from	her	teeth.
Then	Diane	imagined	that	a	custodian	probably	keeps	keys.
Inside	the	unlocked	custodial	closet,	Diane	found	a	metal	cabinet.	Inside	the	unlocked
metal	cabinet,	Diane	found	a	cluster	of	keys,	a	jangling	rat-king	on	a	yellow	rubber	coil.
Outside	Catharine’s	office,	Diane	imagined	that	she	would	just	know	the	right	key,	and
it	would	be	the	first	key.
Diane	imagined	the	same	thing	with	the	second	key,	and	the	third	through	thirteenth
keys.	As	she	did,	she	imagined	being	watched.	She	looked	up	after	every	key,	but	there
was	no	one.	The	Bloodstone	Circle	hummed	a	familiar	melody	in	the	corner.
On	the	thirteenth	key,	the	knob	turned.	There	was	a	moment,	the	door	was	open	but
unstepped-through,	where	Diane	thought	that	she	could	still	walk	away	and	not	become	a
person	 who	 had	 broken	 into	 anywhere	 in	 her	 life,	 but	 then	 she	 stepped	 forward	 and
became	that	person	forever.	She	shut	the	door,	made	sure	the	blinds	were	closed,	and	sat	in
the	chair	with	wheels	at	Catharine’s	desk.
Catharine’s	 computer	 didn’t	 have	 a	 password.	 It	 just	 had	 the	 question	 “Are	 you
Catharine?”	 with	 yes	 and	 no	 buttons.	 Diane	 clicked	 the	 yes	 button,	 and	 the	 desktop
blinked	up.
She	 ran	 a	 search	 for	 the	 name	 Evan.	 She	 got	 similar	 results	 to	 what	 she’d	 gotten	 on
Tina’s	computer.	She	found	no	“Evan”	as	a	name	or	former	employee.
She	searched	for	e-mails	related	to	Dawn	to	see	if	there	was	any	mention	of	Dawn’s
absence,	any	unusual	notes.
Diane	imagined	she	was	a	hacker,	not	an	actual	master	of	programming	languages	and
network	security,	but	a	hacker	from	a	movie,	wildly	typing,	every	finger	expertly	leaping
from	 key	 to	 key	 as	 a	 long	 string	 of	 important	 secrets	 streamed	 down	 the	 screen	 in	 oldfashioned	computerized	font,	her	eyes	flicking	left	and	right,	taking	in	every	number	and
letter	and	significant	bit	of	information.

She	imagined	finding	more	than	nothing.
She	felt	a	light	itch	on	the	hand	holding	the	mouse.	In	the	mild	glow	of	the	computer
screen	was	the	tarantula,	one	leg	up	on	her	little	finger.	The	tarantula	paused	as	if	it	was
hesitant	to	move	farther	into	Diane’s	physical	space.	She	spasmed	a	bit	out	of	shock,	but
then	settled	down	when	she	was	able	to	process	it.
She	would	not	have	minded	it,	as	Josh	often	appeared	as	any	variety	of	arachnid,	so
she	had	no	fear	of	spiders	or	most	insects.	She	found	it	sweet	that	the	animal	appeared	to
be	so	shy	or	considerate.
In	actuality,	the	tarantula	saw	large	blocks	of	moving	colors	and	shapes	and	sensed	it
had	made	contact	with	a	creature	much	larger	than	itself.	It	felt	great	fear	and	was	holding
still	 out	 of	 the	 if-you-move-you-will-be-seen-and-if-you-are-seen-you-will-be-eaten
instinct.
Diane	 continued	 looking	 up	 previous	 agendas	 and	 minutes	 from	 staff	 meetings.	 The
tarantula	took	her	movement	as	a	threatening	advance	and	scuttled	away	into	the	dark	of
the	office.
Diane	 imagined	 finding	 great	 clues.	 She	 imagined	 film	 noir,	 dim	 but	 high-contrast
light	pressing	through	the	blinds	creating	smoky,	white	slices	across	the	pitch-black	room.
Diane	imagined	her	face	lit	softly	in	blue	by	the	computer	monitor.	She	imagined	not	her
own	face	but	the	face	of	a	hardened	detective	wearing	an	archetypal	hat.
She	imagined	being	watched.	She	heard	a	soft	thump	from	over	her	shoulder.	She	felt
a	warning	zing	up	the	back	of	her	neck.	She	was	being	watched.
She	did	not	turn	her	head.	She	did	not	move.	She	looked	only	with	her	eyes,	pressed	so
far	to	the	right	it	hurt	her	sinuses.
There	 was	 a	 shadow	 against	 the	 blinds.	 The	 blinds	 were	 closed.	 There	 was	 a	 person
just	on	the	other	side.
The	 person	 was	 neither	 tall	 nor	 short.	 She	 did	 not	 know	 if	 the	 person	 could	 see	 her.
They	were	not	leaving.
If	you	are	seen	you	will	be	eaten,	the	tarantula	thought	without	human	vocabulary.
Diane	was	unintentionally	not	breathing.	When	she	noticed,	she	continued	to	hold	her
breath.	Her	hands	stayed	where	they	were.
There	 was	 a	 rapid	 clicking.	 The	 doorknob	 rattled	 back	 and	 forth.	 She	 couldn’t
remember	if	she	had	locked	it.	She	was	eventually	going	to	have	to	breathe.	The	doorknob
rattled.
She	breathed.	Her	breath	sounded	so	loud.	Was	it	always	this	loud?
The	computer	flashed	to	a	screen	saver.	She	did	not	know	if	this	change	in	light	was
visible	through	the	blinds.
Again	the	doorknob	rattled.	Then	a	knock.	Another.	Three	hard	taps	on	the	door.

There	was	nothing	she	could	do.	She	stayed	where	she	was.	Did	nothing.	The	shadow
returned	 to	 the	 window	 and	 stayed	 for	 a	 long	 moment.	 She	 didn’t	 know	 how	 long	 the
moment	was.	It	felt	endless	to	her,	motionless	in	the	chair.
Then	the	shadow	blurred	as	its	source	moved	away	from	the	window.	Light	began	to
come	in	around	the	blinds’	edges.
She	 heard	 a	 muffled	 creaking,	 like	 wheels.	 Wheels	 on	 a	 cart.	 A	 custodial	 cart.	 The
sound	moved	away	down	the	hall.
Diane	imagined	that	custodians	worked	long	hours,	and	would	not	be	out	of	the	office
for	 some	 time.	 Hours	 maybe.	 She	 turned	 off	 the	 computer	 monitor	 and	 waited	 in
Catharine’s	office,	quietly,	alone,	breathing.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 …	 allergies	 to	 shellfish,	 dislike	 of	 shellfish,	 apathy	 to	 shellfish,	 philosophical
disagreement	with	shellfish,	or	a	general	uncertainty	about	the	whole	concept	of	shellfish
should	let	the	event	planners	know	when	making	their	reservation.
And	now	a	word	from	our	sponsors:
We	know	that	sometimes	in	life	you	find	yourself	with	nothing	to	do	but	wait.	Maybe
you	have	hours	to	wait.	Maybe	you	have	hours	to	wait	hiding	in	a	darkened	office	until	the
custodian	leaves	so	that	you	won’t	be	caught	snooping	through	confidential	files	at	work.
There’s	lots	of	reasons	you	could	be	waiting.	It	just	happens	to	be	that	the	reason	you	are
waiting	right	now	is	that	one.	Yes,	we	know	a	lot	about	you.
Wouldn’t	 this	 period	 of	 malfeasant	 waiting	 be	 better	 if	 you	 were	 able	 to	 use	 it,	 say,
catching	 up	 on	 the	 latest	 episodes	 of	 your	 favorite	 TV	 shows?	 Think	 how	 less	 boring
illegally	 breaking	 into	 your	 boss’s	 office	 would	 be	 if	 you	 were	 watching	 TV	 right	 now,
Diane.
We	all	thought	better	of	you.
Hulu	Plus:	Good	for	criminals.
This	has	been	a	word	from	our	sponsors.
And	now	a	word	about	librarians.	We	are	all,	from	our	youngest	years,	warned	that	the
most	 dangerous,	 untrustworthy	 creature	 is	 that	 which	 stalks	 our	 public	 libraries.	 We	 all
remember	 as	 children	 having	 this	 told	 to	 us	 by	 frazzled	 men	 in	 rumpled	 suits	 clutching
ancient	tomes	to	their	chests.
“Agggh!”	they	would	say,	pointing	at	a	diagram	that	was	just	a	square	with	the	word
LIBRARY	written	neatly	in	the	middle	of	it.
“Ouuugh!”	 they	 would	 continue,	 pointing	 at	 the	 clearest	 photograph	 ever	 taken	 of	 a
librarian,	which	is	a	blurry	and	badly	burnt	Polaroid.
“Oh!	Oh!	Oh!”	they	would	conclude,	pointing	at	the	first	diagram	again.	It	was	always
a	very	short	presentation.
Then	the	men	would	run	from	our	classrooms,	looking	fearfully	around	and	muttering,
“There’s	no	time,	just	no	time,”	and	never	would	be	seen	again.
These	warnings,	as	playfully	conveyed	as	they	were,	are	serious	matters	that	should	be
applied	 to	 your	 grown-up,	 serious	 life.	 Librarians	 are	 hideous	 creatures	 of	 unimaginable
power.	 And	 even	 if	 you	 could	 imagine	 their	 power,	 it	 would	 be	 illegal.	 It	 is	 absolutely

illegal	to	even	try	to	picture	what	such	a	being	would	be	like.
So	just	watch	out	for	librarians,	okay?
And	now,	let’s	have	a	look	at	traffic.
Here	is	a	man	with	a	new	job.	Here	is	a	man.	He	has	a	new	job.	So	new	that	he	hasn’t
actually	gone	to	it	yet.	He	is	now	only	in	the	process	of	going	to	it.	It	is	his	first	day.	Not
as	a	human,	but	at	this	job.	It	is	approximately	his	ten	thousandth	day	as	a	human.	And
yet,	 for	 all	 his	 days,	 he	 is	 not	 yet	 very	 good	 at	 being	 a	 human.	 He	 still	 makes	 a	 lot	 of
mistakes.	All	that	time	and	he	still	is	unsure	of	himself.
He	drives	to	his	job.	His	car	is	nice.	Nicer	than	he	can	afford,	but	just	as	nice	as	he
hopes	he	can	soon	afford.	His	car	is	aspirational.	His	gray	pin-striped	suit,	his	smile,	his
silver	watch,	the	way	he	walks,	these	are	all	also	aspirational.	He	doesn’t	think	of	himself
as	the	him	that	exists	in	this	moment	but	as	the	him	that	will	exist	soon.	He	is	not	far	away
from	the	him	that	he	really	is.	He	will	be	that	version	of	himself	very	soon.
But	 then	 he	 sees	 something.	 It	 doesn’t	 matter	 what.	 It’s	 someone	 dying.	 It’s	 sudden
and	not	anyone’s	fault,	but	also	could	have	been	prevented.	He	is	sitting	in	his	nice	car	and
he	 sees	 this	 death.	 And	 he	 does	 not	 go	 to	 his	 new	 job.	 He	 never	 does.	 In	 fact,	 since	 he
never	actually	goes	to	it,	it	is	not	accurate	to	call	it	his	new	job.	It	is	the	job	he	never	had.
It	is	a	future	that,	like	most	futures,	never	happened.
This	has	been	traffic.
New	statistics	by	the	community	activist	group	Citizens	for	a	Transparent	Government
say	 that	 it	 is	 as	 difficult	 as	 it	 has	 ever	 been	 to	 get	 through	 City	 Hall	 alive	 and	 speak	 to
Mayor	Cardinal,	that	over	half	of	citizens	who	have	appeared	before	the	City	Council	have
been	eaten	by	the	council,	and	that	the	government	is	still	not	transparent.
“I	 can	 still	 totally	 see	 them,”	 said	 Frankie	 Ramon,	 spokesperson	 for	 the	 group.
“They’re	not	even	faint	outlines	in	the	air,	they’re	still	totally	visible,	totally	opaque.	It’s
like	they’re	not	even	trying.”
Next:	a	sudden	loss	of	consciousness	followed	by	a	waking	as	a	new	person,	living	a
new	life,	but	with	all	the	same	old	questions	unanswered.	Starting	in	one,	two,

16

Jackie	dropped	off	Erika	across	the	street	from	City	Hall.	It	wasn’t	safe	for	Erika	to	exist
in	such	close	proximity	to	the	source	of	city	law.
“Thanks,”	Erika	said	as	they	opened	the	car	door.
“Hey,”	said	Jackie.	“Don’t	worry	about	it.	Thanks	for	the	cash.”
“You’re	a	good	one,	Jackie	Fierro,”	they	said.	“And	that	makes	the	world	a	dangerous
place	for	you.”
There	was	that	flutter	of	wings	again,	and	a	dark	haze	filled	the	air	behind	Erika.	Once
they	 had	 unfolded	 themselves	 from	 the	 car,	 they	 stood	 over	 seven	 feet	 tall,	 much	 more
than	could	have	fit	in	Jackie’s	compact.
“Be	well,”	they	said,	as	their	feet	and	then	the	rest	of	their	body	melted	down	into	the
sidewalk.	“Failing	that,	Jackie,	simply	be.	Simply	continue	to	be.”
And	they	were	gone	into	the	earth.
“Why	did	you	need	a	ride	if	you	could	do	that?”	Jackie	sighed.
She	 pulled	 the	 car	 across	 the	 street	 and	 parked	 it	 in	 the	 small	 lot	 reserved	 for	 those
visiting	the	mayor	or	looking	to	throw	themselves	on	the	terrible	whims	and	absent	mercy
of	the	City	Council.
City	Hall	was	a	majestic	building	when	it	was	fully	uncovered	from	the	black	velvet
that	shrouded	it	each	night.	When	not	covering	the	building,	the	velvet	sat	bunched	up	on
the	yellowing	lawn.	Jackie	headed	through	the	arched	entrance,	not	bothering	to	check	in
with	the	guard	by	the	door.	The	guard	wore	a	mask	that	blocked	all	sound	and	sight,	so
that	he	would	not	see	anything	he	was	not	supposed	to	see.	Even	if	she	had	tried	to	check
in,	it	would	have	just	added	minutes	more	of	frustration	to	an	already	frustrating	day.
The	 only	 way	 to	 the	 mayor’s	 office	 was	 past	 the	 doorway	 to	 the	 City	 Council.	 She
took	that	trip	as	quickly	as	her	body	could	take	it,	scrunching	the	slip	of	paper	in	her	hand.
The	 doors	 were	 open,	 and	 she	 could	 see	 the	 misshapen	 forms	 and	 hear	 the	 predatory
shrieking	of	the	City	Council	at	work.	The	hall	smelled	of	chalk	and	burnt	hair.
A	 new	 law	 had	 recently	 made	 a	 visit	 to	 the	 City	 Council	 the	 only	 possible	 way	 to
petition	a	speeding	ticket,	and,	as	a	result,	citizens	had	taken	to	accepting	speeding	tickets
given	to	them	when	they	weren’t	even	in	a	car,	when	they	were	sitting	still	on	a	bench,	or
sleeping	in	their	own	bed.	Better	to	pay	than	to	Pay	was	the	general	feeling.
She	imagined	running	into	the	council	chambers	just	then.	Who	can	fathom	the	danger

and	pain	of	a	visit	to	the	City	Council?	Of	course,	who	can	fathom	an	inextricable	paper
that	 binds	 to	 one’s	 hand	 and	 unhinges	 one’s	 concentration	 and	 maybe	 one’s	 life?	 Would
the	City	Council	solve	the	problem	for	her,	one	way	or	another?	Would	that	be	better,	after
all?
From	 somewhere	 on	 the	 meeting	 room	 table,	 amid	 the	 chaos	 of	 council	 members	 in
mid-meeting,	Jackie	heard	a	soft	whimper	and	a	loud	snap	and	decided	to	keep	walking
quickly.
The	mayor’s	office	was	upstairs,	in	an	area	of	the	building	that	was	decorated	with	a
great	deal	of	wood	paneling	and	framed	photos	of	lighthouses.	The	mayor’s	receptionist
was	an	elderly	man	who	nodded	with	a	smile	when	she	explained	what	she	needed,	and
gestured	at	one	of	the	plush	club	chairs	lining	the	wall.
Perhaps	at	last	she	had	come	to	the	place	that	could	help	her.	The	elderly	man	behind
the	desk	gestured	toward	the	door,	and	then	held	up	five	fingers,	and	nodded	again.
“No	problem,	I’ll	wait.”
She	 picked	 up	 a	 magazine	 from	 the	 table	 in	 front	 of	 her.	 “Ten	 Ways	 to	 Redecorate
Your	 Bloodstone	 Circle.”	 “How	 to	 Lose	 Weight	 Without	 Losing	 Sight	 of	 Your	 Own
Mortality.”	“A	Cake	Recipe	That	Only	People	Who	Hate	Our	Government	Will	Want	to
Try	So	Mail	Us	Your	Best	Pictures	of	Making	It	and	We	Will	Take	You	Away.”	Boring
stuff	like	that,	but	diverting	in	the	few	minutes	it	took	the	mayor	to	be	ready	for	her.
The	elderly	man	rapped	softly	on	his	desk	to	get	her	attention	and	then	gestured	with
an	open	palm	toward	the	door.
“Thanks,	man.	You’re	my	favorite	person	I’ve	talked	to	all	day.”
He	shrugged,	turning	back	to	the	stairs	and	leaving	her	to	the	business	of	opening	the
door,	which	was	tricky.	It	was	one	of	those	ones	that	required	some	mild	bleeding.
“Ugh,”	she	said	as	she	entered	the	office.	“There	I	am	like	an	idiot	thinking	Push.	No,
pull.	And	I	forgot	entirely	to	just	Bleed.	There	should	be	a	sign	or	something.”
The	mayor,	Dana	Cardinal,	was	sitting	in	a	portrait	of	official	grandeur	that	had	to	be
posed,	her	silhouette	against	the	picture	windows,	and	the	light	falling	on	the	desk,	and	the
papers	 spread	 out	 amid	 light	 and	 shadow.	 It	 was	 all	 perfectly	 staged	 to	 present	 her
authority.
“I	happen	to	agree,	but	try	to	get	anything	done	in	this	building,”	said	the	mayor.
“Sure,	yeah.	Didn’t	mean	you	were	doing	anything	wrong.”
“Yes	you	did.	It’s	perfectly	fine.	If	we	cannot	be	judged	on	our	actions,	then	we	cannot
be	judged.	And	let	me	tell	you.”	The	mayor	turned	to	face	her	and	leaned	her	elbows	upon
the	 desk.	 “We	 can	 be	 judged.	 We	 definitely	 can.	 So,	 Jackie,	 you	 came	 to	 see	 me.	 Is
something	troubling	you?”
Jackie	sat	down	in	the	chair	across	the	desk	from	the	mayor	and	did	the	trick	with	the
paper.	On	the	floor.	Back	in	her	hand.	Torn	to	pieces.	Back	in	her	hand.	Mentally	willed

into	flames.	Back	in	her	hand.	The	mayor	nodded	gravely,	not	appearing	surprised.
“Yeah.	So,”	Jackie	said.	“But	that’s	just	part	of	it.	Here’s	something	else:	I’m	not	sure
I’ve	 ever	 been	 to	 my	 mother’s	 house.	 She	 asked	 me	 if	 I	 remember	 my	 childhood	 and	 I
don’t.	I	don’t,	Dana.”
Jackie	threw	the	paper	in	the	hand-carved	oak	wastebasket	next	to	the	mayor’s	desk.
The	paper	wad	caught	the	rim	and	then	rolled	in.	Jackie	laid	the	paper	in	her	hand	down
on	the	desk.	“I	can’t	write	anything	but	‘KING	CITY.’	I	can’t	think	of	anything	else,”	she
said.	“Guess	I	gotta	go	there,	but	no	one	seems	to	think	I	should	or	even	would	be	able	to
do	that.”
The	mayor	smiled	a	smile	of	comfort,	not	happiness.	She	looked	out	the	window	at	the
rapidly	diminishing	day.
“Jackie,	those	all	are	serious	problems.	I	don’t	want	to	tell	you	those	problems	aren’t
serious.	But	I	apologize	if	there’s	only	so	much	I	can	do.	It’s	a	little	bit	hectic	here,	as	you
can	see.”
She	waved	her	hand	to	indicate	the	absolute	still	of	the	office.
“My	brother’s	sick.	We’re	not	sure	what’s	wrong	with	him.	I’d	love	to	be	home	taking
care	of	him,	but	I	have	to	be	at	City	Hall.	We’re	not	sure	what	happens	if	I	don’t	go	every
day,	but	we	think	that	whatever	it	is	that	protects	us	from	the	full	wrath	of	the	City	Council
involves	 the	 mayor	 being	 at	 City	 Hall	 every	 single	 day.	 So	 here	 I	 am.	 For	 my	 city.	 My
brother	has	a	fever	and	chills.	He	says	he	sees	lights	out	in	the	desert.	I	told	him	we	all	see
lights	in	the	desert.	He	says,	no,	different	lights.	Not	the	same	ones	we	usually	see.	Low
bubbles	of	light	coming	and	going.	I	don’t	know	what	to	say	to	that.”
“Low	bubbles	of	light?	Because	I’ve—”
“He	clutches	this	piece	of	paper	to	his	chest.	Won’t	show	it	to	us.	Says	he	doesn’t	want
us	to	catch	what	he	has.	Always	thinking	of	others	even	as	he	slips	away.	He’s	slipping
away	 from	 us,	 Jackie.	 Also	 the	 big	 job	 fair	 is	 coming	 up.	 Tents	 to	 set	 up.	 All	 sorts	 of
mysterious	organizations	that	want	the	best	booth	placement	so	they	can	trick	the	young
people	 of	 Night	 Vale	 into	 disappearing	 or	 incriminating	 themselves	 or	 at	 best	 becoming
part	of	a	mysterious	organization.”
“Your	brother	has	a	pap——”
“I’m	sorry,	Jackie.	I	didn’t	mean	to	complain.”	The	mayor	shook	her	head,	and	then
nodded,	 and	 then	 shook	 her	 head	 again.	 “No,	 yes,	 I	 did	 mean	 to	 complain.	 I	 don’t	 have
anyone	else	to	complain	to.	I’m	young,	Jackie.	Did	you	know	that	about	me?”
“Sure.”
“I	am.	I’m	young.	And	this	job	is	hard.	I	don’t	know	if	I	can	help	you	because,	and	I’ll
be	 honest	 here,	 I’m	 struggling	 a	 bit	 to	 keep	 this	 all	 together.	 But	 it’s	 my	 job	 too.	 I	 was
chosen	to	be	mayor.	I	was	chosen	and	so	I	will	serve	my	city	the	best	way	I	can.	And	that
means	 helping	 people	 like	 you	 when	 they	 come	 to	 me	 for	 help.	 I’m	 sorry,	 Jackie,	 I’m
being	a	bad	mayor.”

“Oh,	 nah.”	 Jackie	 paused	 slightly.	 “No,	 you’re	 doing	 great.”	 She	 leaned	 across	 the
desk	and	held	out	a	hand.	The	mayor	did	not	take	it.	She	continued	to	look	out	the	window
for	 a	 moment,	 her	 humanity	 and	 thoughtfulness	 tucked	 away	 inside	 a	 tight	 frown,	 an
honest	 brushstroke	 in	 a	 boring	 painting.	 The	 mayor	 caught	 herself	 and	 set	 her	 face	 into
something	more	official,	less	herself:	a	perfectly	slight	smile.
“Let’s	start	again.	Jackie,	I	will	do	my	best	to	help	you.	I	may	not	be	able	to	help	you.
More	often	than	not	I	can’t.	But	I	always	try.”
“That’s	great,	dude,	thanks.”
The	mayor	rubbed	her	hands	together.
“King	 City	 is	 becoming	 a	 problem	 for	 Night	 Vale.	 I	 know	 there	 are	 papers	 in	 hands
and	there	is	confusion	and	frustration	and	fear.	No,	not	fear.	Concern.	There	is	concern.”
“I’m	 not	 afraid	 and	 I’m	 not	 concerned.	 I’m	 ruined.”	 Jackie	 tried	 the	 word	 on	 her
tongue	and	found	that	it	felt	right,	so	she	said	it	again.	“I’m	ruined.”
“I	 don’t	 know	 why	 King	 City	 has	 connected	 to	 Night	 Vale.	 Sometimes	 other	 places
have	a	mysterious	connection	to	our	own.	A	little	fishing	town	in	Russia.	Our	unfriendly
neighbor,	Desert	Bluffs.	That	desert	otherworld	which	trapped	me	for	months.	We	cannot
always	keep	the	outside	world	on	the	outside.”
“So	I	should	go	to	King	City?”
“Sure.”
“You	think	so?”	Jackie	was	glad	for	an	authority	that	would	finally	tell	her	what	she
should	do.
“Probably	not.	I’m	not	even	sure	if	it’s	a	real	place.	It	could	just	be	an	idea	on	paper.”
“But	I	spoke	with—”
“I	don’t	know	what	a	King	City	is,”	the	mayor	continued,	yawning.	“I	don’t	know	a	lot
of	 things.	 I	 do	 know	 there	 will	 always	 be	 problems	 for	 Night	 Vale.	 There	 are	 so	 many.
Usually	 they	 pass.	 Often	 they	 kill	 many	 people,	 but	 what	 are	 people	 but	 deaths	 that
haven’t	happened	yet?”
“Births	that	already	happened?”	Jackie	said	without	thinking.
The	 mayor	 laughed.	 She	 looked	 different	 when	 she	 laughed,	 and	 then	 she	 stopped
laughing	and	she	did	not	look	different	anymore.
“Thank	you,	Jackie.	I	needed	that.	As	for	you.	Well.	I	know	you	came	here	hoping	that
I	would	have	an	answer	or	a	piece	of	advice	that	would	fix	things.”
“So—”
The	mayor	stood,	a	wordless	pre-good-bye.	Jackie	stood	too,	a	wordless	capitulation.
“You	say	your	life	is	unraveling.	Your	life	cannot	unravel.	Your	life	is	your	life.	You
haven’t	lost	it.	It’s	just	different	now.”

“Do	you	feel	the	same	thing	about	your	brother?	That	his	life	cannot	unravel?	That	it
is	just	different	now?”
Dana	blinked.	“Yes,”	she	said.	“I	suppose	I	do.”
“Fair	enough,	man,	but	I	want	my	old	life	back,	whatever	my	old	life	was.”
Dana	shook	her	head.
“You	know,	Jackie,	before	I	was	mayor,	I	was	an	intern	at	the	community	radio	station.
One	 of	 the	 only	 interns	 to	 survive	 that	 program.	 Being	 an	 intern	 at	 the	 radio	 station	 is
dangerous	and	terrible	work.	But	there	are	days,	sitting	in	this	office,	with	responsibility
past	my	years,	working	in	a	system	I	barely	understand,	that	I	miss	my	time	as	an	intern.
At	 least	 I	 was	 allowed	 to	 be	 young.	 At	 least	 I	 was	 allowed	 to	 be	 Dana,	 not	 Mayor
Cardinal.”
“I	hope	your	brother	will	be	okay,”	Jackie	said.
“He’ll	be	what	he’ll	be.	And	we’ll	all	learn	to	be	okay	with	whatever	that	is.”
Jackie	said	good-bye	with	her	eyes.
“Good-bye,	Jackie,”	the	mayor	said	with	her	mouth.
Jackie	pulled	on	the	door.	It	did	not	move.	She	pushed	on	the	door.	It	did	not	move.
“Oh,	right.	Jesus.	There	really	should	be	a	sign,”	she	said,	bleeding.
Back	out	in	the	wood-paneled	waiting	room	there	was	a	blond	man	with	a	big	smile
sitting	at	the	desk.
“Hey?”	she	said.
“Yes?”	he	said,	his	voice	all	customer-service	politeness.
It	was	not	the	same	man	as	when	she	arrived.	She	did	not	know	where	she	had	seen
him	before,	but	the	sight	of	him	made	her	uneasy.
“Wasn’t	there	someone	else	here	before?	This	old	guy	who	didn’t	talk?”
“Oh,	 oh	 no,”	 he	 said.	 His	 smile	 did	 not	 waver.	 “It’s	 always	 just	 been	 me	 here.	 You
have	a	good	day,	okay?”
“Sure.	Okay,”	she	said.
As	she	walked	down	the	stairs,	he	pulled	out	some	forms,	picked	up	a	pen,	and	silently
smiled	at	the	forms,	writing	nothing.	Jackie	did	not	even	flinch	passing	the	City	Council
doors	this	time.	Nothing,	not	even	the	terrible	council,	was	more	frightening	than	the	fact
that	no	one	seemed	able	to	help	her,	least	of	all	herself.

17

“You	didn’t	come	home	last	night.”
Josh	 said	 this	 from	 the	 couch,	 book	 open	 across	 his	 legs.	 He	 had	 red	 claws	 and
antennae.	He	was	wearing	baggy	jeans	and	a	Mountain	Goats	T-shirt,	which	Josh	had	once
been	kicked	out	of	school	for	wearing,	because	of	its	strong	political	message	siding	with
those	who	believe	in	mountains.
Diane	stopped	short	of	the	kitchen.	She	hadn’t	expected	Josh	to	be	up	already.	She	was
running	on	three	hours’	sleep	and	had	hoped	to	be	up	and	out	before	him.
“I’m	here	now.	I	hate	it	when	you	wear	that	shirt.”
“Mountains	are	real,	Mom.”
“I	believe	in	mountains,	Josh.	It	just	reminds	me	of	how	I	had	to	come	pick	you	up
from	school	and	wait	in	the	front	office	while	the	vice	principal	gave	me	a	lecture	about
how	inappropriate	it	is	to	raise	a	child	to	believe	such	nonsense.	It	was	embarrassing.”
“Well,	I’m	not	embarrassed	by	my	beliefs.”
“I’m	embarrassed	to	be	told	I’m	a	bad	parent.”
“You	aren’t	home	a	lot	these	days.”	It	was	a	swerve,	not	a	response.	He	wasn’t	looking
at	her	or	his	book.	It	was	difficult	to	tell	where	he	was	looking	because	of	the	solid	black
eyes	drooping	from	the	ends	of	long,	curved	stalks	atop	his	head.
Diane	walked	past	him	into	the	kitchen	and	started	the	process	of	making	coffee.	She
always	ground	her	own	beans.	She	did	not	feel	that	her	coffee	tasted	better	because	of	this,
she	 simply	 liked	 the	 process	 of	 grinding	 beans:	 the	 cool	 crumple	 of	 the	 bag	 from	 the
freezer,	the	gentle	rattle	of	beans	across	the	countertop,	the	therapeutic	release	of	pounding
them	into	grounds	with	a	hammer	for	several	minutes.
As	 she	 removed	 her	 safety	 goggles	 and	 washed	 her	 hands,	 she	 called	 to	 the	 living
room,	“How’s	school?”
“You	didn’t	come	home	last	night.”
She	dried	her	hands.	“I	came	home	late	last	night.”
“From	what?”
“Work.”
“You	never	work	late.”

“I	did	last	night?”
She	hated	the	question	in	her	own	voice	but	had	never	been	good	at	lying.
“Doing	what?	What	were	you	doing	that	you	didn’t	get	home	until	early	morning	and
that	you	didn’t	answer	my	texts	and	that	you	didn’t	reply	to	my	e-mails?”
“My	phone	was	off.”
“Okay.	Why?”
She	came	back	into	the	living	room,	and	Josh	stood	to	face	her.	He	was	tall,	his	jeans
draping	in	baggy	folds	over	his	hooves.
Diane	wished	she	knew	what	Josh	looked	like.	She	wished	there	was	a	single	thing	she
could	 assume	 about	 her	 son.	 She	 wished	 Josh	 had	 a	 second	 parent	 to	 be	 ballast.	 Josh
wished	all	of	those	things,	too.
“I	was	on	a	date.”
Josh	didn’t	respond,	so	Diane	nervously	filled	the	pause.
“My	phone	died,	and	I	was.	Um.”
“You	just	said	you	were	at	work.”
Josh	tried	to	fold	his	arms,	but	the	claws	snagged	on	each	other,	and	so	he	awkwardly
clasped	them	in	front	of	him.
“Yes,	I’ve	been	seeing	someone.	I	know	we	don’t	talk	about	dating	much.	Mom	and
son,	you	know.	It’s	…	awkward.	Right?”
“No,	Mom,	no.	That’s	really	cool.	What’s	their	name?”
A	 good	 lie	 requires	 two	 things:	 (1)	 assertiveness	 in	 delivery,	 and	 (2)	 narrative	 logic
that	cannot	be	unhinged	by	actual	truth.
“Dawn,”	Diane	said	assertively,	achieving	one	of	those	two	things.
“Don?”
“Yes,	Dawn.”
Josh	sat	back	down.
“How	long	have	you	been	seeing	Don?”
“A	few	weeks.	Mostly	seeing	movies	and	having	some	dinner,	getting	to	know	each
other.”
Diane	 began	 to	 panic	 about	 Josh	 running	 into	 Dawn	 and	 trying	 to	 talk	 to	 her	 about
their	relationship.	She	mentally	scheduled	an	ugly	breakup	with	Dawn	in	the	coming	days.
Or	would	that	make	Josh	even	more	likely	to	talk	to	her?	It	would	certainly	remove	Dawn
from	the	list	of	possible	future	friends.
“And	so	you	spent	the	night	at	Don’s	house	last	night?”
Right.	She	was	still	dating	Dawn	in	the	here	and	now,	and	had	to	focus.

“You’re	not	allowed	to	ask	me	questions	like	that,	Joshua.”
“You’re	right.	Gross.”
She	examined	Josh’s	opaque,	bobbing	eyes,	and	his	flagellum-lined	mandibles.	It	was
difficult	to	tell	by	his	expression	if	he	was	being	playful	or	aggressive,	but	she	could	hear
a	grin	in	his	voice.
Her	face	relaxed.
“Yes,	I’ve	been	dating	a	lot.	I’m	sorry,	Josh.	I	sometimes	don’t	tell	you	enough	about
what	is	going	on	with	me.	I	get	selfish.”
“It’s	fine,”	he	said,	head	tilting	down,	idly	flipping	his	book	open	and	closed.
He	 was	 embarrassed	 by	 how	 much	 he	 needed	 her.	 At	 his	 age,	 he	 felt	 he	 should	 be
basically	 independent,	 but	 as	 she	 had	 spent	 less	 and	 less	 time	 at	 home	 in	 the	 previous
weeks,	he	had	become	aware	of	how	complete	his	assumption	of	her	presence	had	been.	It
panicked	 him	 a	 little,	 and	 that	 panic	 had	 come	 out	 as	 a	 demand	 to	 know	 where	 she	 had
been,	 and	 he	 hated	 himself	 for	 demanding	 to	 know	 but	 also	 couldn’t	 stop	 himself	 from
asking.
“Listen.	 This	 goes	 two	 ways,	 honey.	 It’s	 just	 you	 and	 me	 and	 we	 have	 to	 trust	 each
other.	You’re	my	baby—”
“Mom—”
“You’re	my	baby.	You’re	my	pal.	You’re	everything,	okay?	And	that	means	when	you
close	me	out,	I	have	nothing.	I	have	a	job	and	a	house	and	some	friends	and	a	car	and	your
grandparents.	But	also	I	have	nothing.”
Josh	swung	open	his	mandibles	to	speak.
“Hang	on,”	she	said.	“I’m	not	saying	you	need	to	tell	me	everything.	But,	just:	How	is
it	going?	How	are	you	feeling?	This	can’t	be	an	easy	time	for	you.	Or	maybe	it	is.	I	really
don’t	know.”
She	sat	across	from	him.	There	was	a	silence,	and	she	let	the	silence	happen.
“You	could	just	ask,”	he	mumbled.
“Josh,	I	ask	all	of	the	time.	I	asked	just	now.	And	I	get	one-word	answers.”	She	could
hear	her	voice	getting	louder	and	tried	to	pull	it	back	in.	“Sorry.	I	just	want	us	to	talk	about
our	lives.	Not	all	the	time.	Sometimes.	I	promise	not	to	get	bored	when	you	tell	me	about
your”—she	glanced	down	to	his	T-shirt—“Mountain	Goats	concerts,	if	you	promise	not	to
get	bored	when	I	tell	you	about	the	office	copier	breaking	down	halfway	into	my	job.”
“That	sounds	boring.”
“It	wasn’t.	It	was	R-rated	for	strong	language	and	machine	violence.”
Josh	didn’t	laugh,	but	he	softened,	which	was	all	she	needed	a	bad	joke	to	do.
“So	I’m	dating	Dawn,”	Diane	said,	thinking	she	was	not	at	all	the	type	of	person	to	tell
lies	 to	 her	 son	 but	 once	 again	 finding	 that	 she	 was	 a	 different	 person	 than	 she	 thought.

“Mom	going	on	dates.	Gross,	right?”
“It’s	not	gross,”	Josh	mumbled.
“We’re	seeing	a	lot	of	each	other,	but	who	knows	how	long	it	will	last?	Tell	me	about
you.”
“I	don’t	know.”
“You’re	not	dating?”
“No.”	Josh	forced	a	laugh.
“Interested	in	a	boy?”
“No.”
Diane	didn’t	want	to	press	Josh	further,	hoping	he	would	enter	the	conversation	on	his
own.
The	silence	thickened	the	air	with	the	hums	and	thumps	of	bodies	and	appliances,	the
coffeepot,	and	a	distant	car	honk,	and	a	nearby	bird	exclaiming,	and	her	blood	moving	in
jerking,	lurching	steps	under	the	skin	of	her	neck,	where	she	felt	a	slight	tickle,	and	the
faceless	 old	 woman	 that	 secretly	 lives	 in	 their	 home	 taking	 slow,	 careful	 steps	 on	 the
second-floor	hallway	above	them,	and	all	the	other	sounds	that	silence	is	made	of.
“Why	do	you	think	I’m	interested	in	a	boy?”	Josh	said.
“Well,	you’re	fifteen.	I	assumed	all	teenagers	do	is	think	about	other	teenagers,	don’t
they?”
“No,	I	am,	I	guess.	I	mean,	not	a	boy.	There	was	one	but	he	was	weird.	I	think	I	scared
him.”
Diane	kept	from	saying	anything,	worried	that	it	might	stop	this	unexpected	moment
of	communication.	She	let	Josh	tell	his	own	story.
“There’s	 a	 girl	 named	 Lisa	 who	 my	 friend	 Matt	 says	 likes	 me,	 but	 I	 think	 she’s	 just
really	 nice	 to	 everyone.	 I	 don’t	 think	 being	 nice	 to	 someone	 means	 you	 like	 them,
especially	when	you’re	nice	to	everybody.	I	mean	Matt	just	only	thinks	about	getting	with
girls	and	hooking	his	friends	up	with	girls.	All	these	girls	are	in	love	with	Matt,	and	he
sometimes	sets	them	up	on	dates	with	his	other	friends,	like	he’s	a	matchmaker.	And	they
all	go	out	with	his	friends,	just	so	they	can	stay	close	to	Matt,	but	they	all	eventually	find
their	 way	 back	 to	 him.	 I	 think	 that’s	 his	 game,	 setting	 his	 friends	 up	 to	 stash	 future
girlfriends.	 That’s	 totally	 it.	 That’s	 probably	 why	 he’s	 trying	 to	 set	 me	 up	 with	 Lisa,
because	he’s	still	dating	Rosita,	and	if	I	can	hang	out	with	Lisa—”
“Josh.”
“What?”	He	looked	startled,	like	he	thought	he	was	alone.
“Do	you	like	Lisa?”
“I	guess.	Yeah?	I	don’t	know	her.”

“Are	you	attracted	to	her	at	all?”
“I	don’t	think	so?	A	little	bit?	Not	really?”
“Then	 don’t	 feel	 pressure	 to	 go	 out	 with	 her.	 If	 you	 like	 her,	 then	 there’s	 nothing
wrong	with	it.	But	don’t	do	it	for	Matt.	That’s	his	problem	to	work	out.	Not	yours.”
“Okay.”
Silence	 again.	 Diane	 used	 the	 silence	 to	 scold	 herself	 for	 interrupting	 with	 didactic
parenting.	But	also,	wasn’t	it	her	job	to	interrupt	Josh’s	life	with	parenting?
“I	hate	to	ask	you	this,”	Diane	hated	to	ask,	“because	I	don’t	want	it	to	seem	like	I	was
snooping.”
Josh	lifted	his	eyestalks	until	they	were	definitely,	opaque	blackness	and	all,	looking
directly	into	her	eyes.
“I	found	a	note	in	my	car	the	other	day.”
Josh’s	shoulders	tightened	and	his	antennae	pulled	back.
“I	 think	 it	 fell	 out	 of	 your	 notebook.	 And	 it	 was	 short.	 Normally	 I	 wouldn’t	 read
something	that	looked	this	personal,	but	I	saw	it	and	took	it	all	in	before	I	could	even	tell
what	it	was.”
This	lie	also	accomplished	one	of	the	two	things	that	make	a	good	lie.
“What	note?”
Josh	knew	what	note.	He	had	been	looking	for	that	note.	Dreading	his	mother	would
find	that	note.	Hoping	he	would	not	have	to	talk	about	that	note.
Diane	 would	 occasionally	 find	 notes	 he	 had	 written.	 This	 had	 happened	 before.
Sometimes	 it	 was	 actually	 happenstance,	 and	 sometimes	 the	 faceless	 old	 woman	 who
secretly	lives	in	their	home	would	move	his	notes	to	where	Diane	would	see	them	because
the	 faceless	 old	 woman	 was	 bored	 and	 found	 the	 troubles	 of	 others	 interesting.	 Always
Diane	 said	 she	 believed	 in	 his	 privacy	 and	 always	 she	 meant	 it,	 but	 also	 it	 always
happened	that	she	had	read	the	entire	note	before	she	realized	what	it	was.	This	was	not	a
pattern	that	she	was	aware	of,	but	it	was	one	that	Josh	was	very	familiar	with.
“It	 was	 a	 note	 where	 you	 were	 asking	 your	 classmate	 about	 a	 boy.	 A	 boy	 you	 were
interested	in.”
Josh	started	to	sigh	in	relief	and	stopped	himself	just	as	the	air	was	coming	out,	so	that
it	came	out	sounding	like	an	exasperated	huff.	The	note	was	not	about	a	boy,	but	a	man.
Here	is	what	it	was	about	the	note.
When	he	was	six,	Josh	had	asked	his	mother	who	his	father	was.	Diane	told	him	he
didn’t	have	a	father.	Some	kids	have	fathers	and	others	do	not.	Josh	was	one	of	those	other
kids.
When	he	was	ten,	Josh	had	asked	his	mother	where	his	father	was,	knowing	at	that	age
that	 it	 was	 improbable	 for	 babies	 to	 be	 born	 without	 a	 biological	 mother	 and	 biological

father.	Diane	told	him	she	didn’t	know.
When	he	was	thirteen,	Josh	had	asked	his	mother	who	his	father	was	so	he	could	track
him	 down.	 Diane	 told	 him	 that	 would	 not	 happen.	 That	 he	 was	 not	 old	 enough	 to	 go
looking	for	his	father	yet.	When	he	turned	eighteen	and	was	living	on	his	own,	not	under
her	roof,	he	was	welcome	to	do	whatever	he	wanted,	but	that	he’d	be	much	happier	not
trying	to	track	down	a	man	who	didn’t	care	enough	to	raise	him	in	the	first	place.
Diane	did	not	talk	much	to	Josh	for	a	couple	weeks	after	that,	except	to	ask	him	what
time	he	was	coming	home	and	whether	he	had	homework	or	choir	practice	or	a	Boy	Scout
function.	(Josh	was	only	a	few	tasks	away	from	getting	his	Blood	Pact	Scout	badge.)
Josh	 considered	 his	 mother	 to	 be	 a	 nice	 mother	 and	 person.	 She	 was	 kind	 and	 she
smiled	 and	 she	 gave	 tender	 hugs	 and	 was	 concerned	 with	 his	 well-being.	 Josh	 also
considered	his	mother	to	be	a	difficult	mother	and	person.	She	was	unforgiving	and	she
demanded	kindness	back	and	she	killed	with	silence	and	said	sharp	but	subtle	things	that
cut	deeply.
“You	still	have	a	lot	of	maturing	to	do,”	Diane	had	said	to	the	thirteen-year-old	Josh,
who	was	one	of	the	last	boys	he	knew	to	get	through	puberty.	He	had	no	defense	because
the	only	thing	worse	to	a	late	bloomer	than	thinking	about	late	blooming	is	talking	about
late	blooming.
For	her	part,	Diane	did	not	have	a	good	reason	for	why	she	wouldn’t	tell	Josh	anything
about	his	father.	She	didn’t	have	a	good	reason	for	most	of	what	she	did.	Mostly,	she	went
by	what	seemed	right	in	the	moment,	and	justified	it	to	herself	later,	and	in	this	way	she
was	no	different	than	anyone	else	she	knew.
There	 were	 times—like	 that	 day	 in	 the	 movie	 theater	 or	 after	 her	 speeding	 ticket—
when	she	had	wanted	to	tell	Josh	about	Troy,	but	the	shape	of	his	name	felt	wrong	in	her
mouth,	and	the	thought	of	talking	about	him	made	her	feel	dizzy,	like	she	was	waking	up
from	 a	 dream	 that	 had	 been	 almost	 exactly	 like	 her	 own	 life	 and	 was	 now	 trying	 to
differentiate	the	two.	She	did	not	hate	Troy.	She	did	not	hate	anyone.	But	she	just	didn’t
want	to	talk	about	him,	and	so	she	didn’t.
At	age	fifteen,	Josh	had	not	asked	his	mother	who	his	father	was.	He	did	not	want	to
upset	her,	partially	for	her	sake	and	partially	for	his.
Instead,	Josh	wrote	that	note	to	a	friend	of	his	who	knew	some	people	who	knew	some
of	the	hooded	figures	who	knew	an	agent	from	a	vague	yet	menacing	government	agency
who	had	full	access	at	City	Hall.	And	that	agent	might	be	able	to	get	some	information	on
who	Josh’s	father	was.
Now	his	mother	thought	it	was	a	note	about	a	boy	he	liked.	She	seemed	not	upset	at
all,	and	he	wasn’t	going	to	give	her	any	reason	to	be	upset.
“Oh!	That	note.	I	wrote	that	to	my	friend	DeVon,”	Josh	said,	truthfully,	before	going
on	to	fail	at	accomplishing	either	element	of	a	good	lie.	“His	cousin,	um,	Ty	goes	to	the
new	charter	school	on	…	DuBois	Road,	near	Route	800?	And	DeVon	keeps	telling	me	that
Ty’s	 single	 and	 really	 cute,	 and	 I	 said	 I	 wanted	 to	 meet	 him,	 and	 DeVon	 is	 like	 I’ll	 see

what	I	can	do,	and	I’m	like	do	you	have	a	picture,	and	DeVon’s	like	hold	up,	I’ll	get	you
one	but	just	wait.	Let	me	see	if	he’s	interested.”
“Did	you	get	a	photo?”	Diane	said.
“Yeah.”
“And?”
Josh	was	uncertain	about	the	specifics	of	his	imagined	crush,	and	the	lie	faltered.
“Is	he	cute?”	Diane	did	not	blush	about	her	boy	getting	old	enough	to	date,	although
she	would	allow	herself	to	blush	later,	when	she	was	alone.
“Yeah,”	Josh	said,	before	his	mind	had	caught	up.	The	last	thing	he	wanted	was	for	his
mother	to	ask	to	meet	this	nonexistent	Ty	or,	worse,	for	her	to	ask	DeVon	about	his	cute
cousin.
“When	do	I	get	to	meet	him?”
“Mom!”
“Sorry.	Sorry.”	And	the	conversation	ended.	They	could	both	feel	it,	even	though	they
continued	 to	 talk	 to	 each	 other.	 The	 connection,	 whatever	 had	 surfaced	 in	 the	 last	 few
minutes,	had	sunk	out	of	sight	again.
“I’m	not	that	interested	anyway.	DeVon’s	a	good	friend.	It’d	be	weird	to	go	with	his
cousin.”
“Josh.”	She	did	not	cry,	although	she	would	allow	herself	to	cry	later.	“I’m	so	proud	to
have	such	a	smart,	considerate	boy.”
“Are	you	about	to	cry?”
“Nope.”	 Diane	 stood	 up	 and	 walked	 toward	 the	 kitchen.	 She	 was	 already	 back	 to
thinking	about	Evan,	and	where	she	could	possibly	look	next	for	information	on	him.	She
was	tired	and	suppressing	a	nascent	panic.	She	needed	time	alone,	time	to	think.
“I	need	coffee,	and	you	need	to	get	to	school”	was	how	she	explained	that	out	loud.
Diane	 drank	 her	 coffee	 from	 a	 chipped	 Night	 Vale	 Community	 Radio	 mug	 she	 had
gotten	 a	 couple	 of	 years	 back	 during	 a	 fund	 drive.	 She	 didn’t	 choose	 to	 donate	 to	 the
station.	 But	 she	 had	 expressed	 her	 enjoyment	 of	 Cecil’s	 show	 to	 a	 friend	 of	 hers.	 Her
comments	 were	 picked	 up	 by	 one	 of	 the	 thousands	 of	 listening	 devices	 the	 station	 had
hidden	 around	 town.	 Using	 a	 complex	 algorithm	 that	 measures	 age,	 net	 worth,	 and
perceived	enthusiasm	for	the	station’s	programming,	Station	Management	took	a	donation
straight	 from	 Diane’s	 bank	 account	 without	 her	 having	 to	 write	 a	 check	 or	 send	 off	 an
envelope	or	even	know	the	money	was	gone.	It	was	a	convenient	approach	to	fund-raising
for	 everyone	 involved.	 One	 day	 she	 received	 the	 mug	 and	 a	 shirt	 that	 had	 that	 famous
Eleanor	Roosevelt	quote	on	it	(“One	day	we	will	destroy	the	moon	with	indifference!”),
and	that’s	how	she	knew	she	was	an	NVCR	supporter.
“Can	I	take	the	car	today?”	Josh	asked,	trying	to	cash	in	on	the	goodwill	he’d	built	this

morning.
“You	cannot.”
“Mom.”
“I	said	no.”
“You	just	said	I’m	smart	and	considerate.”
“Right.	I	didn’t	say	you’re	a	good	and	responsible	driver.”
“But	you	want	me	to	get	better,	right?”
“Is	that	what	you	do,	Josh?	I	try	to	have	conversations	with	you.	I	try	to	talk	to	you,
and	 we	 have	 a	 morning	 of	 real	 progress.	 A	 real	 breakthrough	 where	 you’re	 kind	 and
articulate	and	charming,	and	what’s	the	endgame?	Just	to	borrow	my	car?”
Josh	 stood	 perfectly	 still.	 This	 was	 the	 moment	 he	 feared	 most.	 This	 was	 how
conversations	with	his	mother	went.	He	just	wanted	it	to	be	over	and	for	himself	to	be	out
in	the	world,	where	he	could	keep	looking	for	his	father.	He	wanted	to	understand	who	he
was	in	relation	to	the	father	that	had	abandoned	him	(had	his	father	even	abandoned	him?
He	didn’t	know,	and	that	was	the	point)	as	well	as	he	understood	who	he	was	in	relation	to
his	mother,	in	all	of	its	goods	and	bads.	Then,	seeing	himself	against	and	between	these
two	people,	he	could	start	to	figure	out	who	he	was	beneath	all	of	the	forms	he	took	every
day,	beneath	whatever	he	looked	like	to	the	world	in	any	given	moment.
“I’m	left	to	wonder	if	the	only	time	you	want	to	actually	talk	to	me	is	when	you	want
something	from	me.	That’s	incredibly	disingenuous.”
“Mom.	I—”
“Disingenuous	 means	 not	 genuine.	 Don’t	 know	 if	 they’ve	 taught	 you	 that	 word	 in
school.”
“I’ll	catch	the	bus.”
“Better	hurry.”
Josh	threw	his	things	in	his	bag	and	walked	out	the	door.
Diane	stared	into	her	coffee,	knowing	she	had	ruined	a	lovely	moment	with	her	son,
knowing	he	must	loathe	being	around	her	when	she	was	like	this.
“I	love	you,”	she	called,	hoping	it	wasn’t	too	late.
“I	love	you	too,”	he	said	back,	not	loudly	enough	to	be	heard.

18

Now	that	science	and	civic	leadership	had	failed	to	solve	her	problem,	Jackie	sat	in	her	car
in	the	City	Hall	parking	lot,	unsure	of	what	to	do.	No	one	had	fixed	anything.	No	one	had
been	able	to	help	her.
She	watched	as	workers	rushed	out	of	the	doors	to	begin	the	long	process	of	draping
the	black	velvet	over	City	Hall.	It	was	nice	to	watch	people	struggle	over	a	problem	that
did	not	involve	or	affect	her	at	all.	She	didn’t	have	to	help	or	act	or	choose.	Part	of	her
wanted	to	just	recline	the	seat	as	close	to	lying	down	as	possible	and	sleep	the	night	where
she	 was.	 Stay	 in	 one	 spot	 and	 let	 the	 world	 go	 on	 with	 its	 strange	 and	 terrible	 business
without	her.
But	before	she	had	even	finished	having	that	thought,	she	was	already	turning	on	the
ignition	and	reversing	out	of	the	parking	lot.	She	wouldn’t	stop.	She	couldn’t.	There	was
something	 in	 her	 that	 made	 giving	 up	 feel	 as	 impossible	 as	 the	 most	 impossible	 of	 her
problems.
Driving	 through	 Night	 Vale	 in	 the	 early	 evening	 was	 peaceful.	 There	 weren’t	 many
cars	 out	 on	 the	 roads,	 mostly	 just	 the	 agents	 from	 a	 vague	 yet	 menacing	 government
agency	starting	their	slow-cruising	night	patrol	of	the	town.	It	wasn’t	late	enough	for	the
hooded	figures	to	be	prowling	the	sidewalks,	looking	for	lone	pedestrians	to	take	and	do
whatever	 it	 was	 they	 did	 (almost	 no	 encounters	 were	 witnessed,	 and,	 if	 they	 were,	 the
witness	 was	 wise	 to	 cover	 the	 witnessing	 part	 of	 their	 sensory	 systems	 until	 the	 whole
thing,	whatever	it	was,	was	over).
The	lights	were	on	in	the	various	places	of	business	along	Route	800.	The	neon	of	the
Moonlite	All-Nite	stood	out	as	the	day	turned	to	night.	A	slab	of	mint	light	in	the	warm
desert	 darkness,	 as	 the	 radio	 had	 once	 described	 it.	 She	 considered	 eating	 there,	 hunger
being	 one	 problem	 that	 was	 simple	 enough	 to	 solve,	 but	 the	 thought	 of	 returning	 and
seeing	that	man—the	blond	man	in	the	kitchen—smiling	at	her	made	her	nervous.	Was	he
the	same	blond	man	she’d	seen	outside	the	mayor’s	office?
She	shook	her	head,	but	the	thought	wouldn’t	leave.
The	blond	man,	it	said.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	said.
A	man	in	her	mother’s	backyard.	Blond	hair.	A	smile.	That	was	where	she	had	known
him	from.	Her	heart	was	beating	in	her	wrist,	which	was	where	it	rarely	beat.
Dots	 of	 light	 studded	 the	 hazy	 purple	 of	 the	 twilight	 horizon:	 red	 taillights,	 yellow

porch	lights,	orange	streetlights,	the	strange	greenish	white	pulse	of	light	hundreds	of	feet
above	the	Arby’s.	In	the	distance	a	jagged	line	of	soft	blue	light,	like	a	crack	in	the	sky.
Above	 all	 of	 that	 was	 the	 clean,	 white	 brightness	 of	 the	 stars	 and	 the	 moon	 and	 the
searchlights	of	surveillance	helicopters.
Children	 in	 Night	 Vale	 grow	 up	 hearing	 the	 Dopplered	 whir	 of	 helicopters	 above,
recording	 or	 monitoring	 or	 whatever	 it	 is	 that	 helicopters	 do.	 It’s	 a	 comforting	 sound,
knowing	that	you’re	well	taken	care	of	by	unimpeachable	judges	of	what	is	good	and	what
is	evil.
Jackie	did	not	feel	comforted,	only	inured.	She	was	not	thinking,	only	doing.	Unaware
of	her	car’s	speed,	she	turned	off	Route	800	onto	an	unnamed	street	that	led,	eventually,
into	 the	 Sandwastes	 and	 the	 shantytown	 that	 was	 the	 barista	 district.	 Before	 all	 that,
though,	the	unnamed	road	went	right	by	Jerry’s	Tacos.
The	light	of	Jerry’s	Tacos	was	the	most	inviting	thing	she’d	seen	all	day.	It	was	a	small
stand,	 only	 recently	 reopened	 after	 an	 ugly	 incident	 a	 few	 years	 back	 involving	 a	 time
traveler,	 but	 already	 word	 was	 around	 that	 the	 food	 was	 worth	 the	 years	 of	 waiting	 and
silence	that	had	preceded	it.
She	 pulled	 into	 the	 lot,	 relieved	 to	 have	 so	 simple	 a	 task	 in	 front	 of	 her	 as	 ordering
food	and	then	consuming	it.	Reaching	into	her	pocket,	she	added	paper	of	a	different	sort
and	with	a	different	kind	of	value	than	the	paper	already	in	her	hand.
The	only	other	car	in	the	lot	was	a	silver	pickup.	Full-size.	Well	worn.	Tall.	Long.	The
windows	gray	with	dried	dirt.	She	had	seen	it	many	times.	It	belonged	to	John	Peters	(you
know,	the	farmer?).
He	 was	 at	 the	 window,	 already	 picking	 up	 an	 order	 of	 the	 house	 specialty,	 a
mysteriously	crunchy	enchilada.
“Hey,	John,”	she	shouted	as	she	walked	up.
He	turned,	crunchy	enchilada	in	hand.
“Howdy	there,	Jackie.	How	goes	it	with	pawning?”
She	posted	an	elbow	up	on	the	counter	and	waved	away	the	shadow	on	the	other	side
of	the	frosted	glass	that	was	waiting	for	her	order.
“It	 goes.	 For	 sure	 it	 goes.	 I’m	 just,	 well,	 taking	 a	 break	 I	 guess.	 People	 take	 breaks.
How	goes	it	with,	you	know,	farming?”
“Ah,	it	is	what	it	is.	It’s	farming,	you	know.”
“Sure.”
A	big	crunchy	bite	of	enchilada.
“Man,	that	looks	good.”	She	turned	to	the	shadowy	figure	behind	the	glass.	“I’ll	take
one	of	those	and	one	Jerry’s	Special	Taco.	How	much	do	I	owe	you?”
A	receipt	popped	out	from	under	the	glass.	She	took	a	look	at	the	price.

“Really?	Jesus.”
John	 Peters	 watched	 her	 force	 a	 tear	 out	 onto	 the	 receipt	 and	 push	 it	 back	 under	 the
glass.	The	price	paid,	the	food	was	delivered	through	a	hatch	moments	later.
“Prices	here	have	gone	up	a	bit,”	said	John.
“Tell	me	about	it.”
They	both	dug	into	their	food.	When	nothing	else	works,	eating	sure	does.
“What	do	you	know	about	a	man	in	a	tan	jacket,	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase?”	Jackie
asked,	not	wanting	to	break	the	easy	quiet	of	eating,	but	also	not	wanting	to	hang	on	to	the
question.
John	stopped	chewing.
“Have	you	seen	a	man	in	a	tan	jacket,	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase?”	he	asked.
“Yeah.	Except	I	don’t	remember	much	about	him.”
“No,”	said	John.	“Wouldn’t	suppose	you	would.	He	has	that	effect	on	people.”
Jackie	 looked	 out	 from	 the	 pool	 of	 light	 they	 were	 standing	 in	 to	 the	 dark	 desert
beyond.	There	was	movement	there.	She	swore	that	she	could	see	the	tan-jacketed	man	in
question	 sprinting	 just	 at	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 light.	 More	 blur	 than	 person,	 but	 still	 with	 the
desperate	run	that	was	away	from	something	rather	than	toward.
“Is	that—?”	she	asked	what	could	only	be	herself,	given	that	John	wasn’t	looking.
She	 dropped	 her	 food	 on	 the	 counter	 and	 started	 away	 from	 the	 stand,	 but	 John
stopped	her	with	a	hand	on	the	shoulder.
“Don’t	bother.	Wouldn’t	catch	him,	probably.	And	wouldn’t	remember	if	you	did.	He’s
dangerous.”
“Dangerous?”
“If	I	were	you	I’d	stay	away	from	his	town.”	He	pointed	at	her	hand.	She	held	up	the
paper.
“King	City?”	Jackie	asked.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	confirmed.
“He’s	here	because	of	Diane,	I	think,”	he	said.
“Diane	Crayton?”
“Don’t	 know	 if	 he’s	 helping	 or	 hunting	 her,	 but	 he	 certainly	 always	 seems	 to	 be
lurking	around	wherever	she	is.”
“Diane	Crayton,”	Jackie	repeated,	in	answer	to	her	own	question.	She	considered	this
information.
“Wouldn’t	 go	 anywhere	 near	 that	 town	 of	 his	 if	 it	 were	 me,”	 he	 said.	 “Who	 knows
what	you’d	find,	or	what	you’d	find	out	and	then	wish	you	hadn’t.”

He	picked	up	a	Styrofoam	cup	full	of	horchata	and	took	a	long	slurp	from	it,	his	eyes
on	where	the	man	may	or	may	not	have	been	running.
“Mostly	we	don’t	get	destroyed,”	John	said.	“Mostly	we	destroy	ourselves.”
Another	car	pulled	into	the	lot.	It	was	a	well-preserved	Chrysler	from	at	least	a	couple
if	not	a	few	decades	past.	Out	of	it	came	a	woman	about	which	much	the	same	could	be
said.
“Mom?”	Jackie	said,	as	the	woman	entered	Jerry’s	Tacos.
Jackie’s	 mom	 smiled.	 She	 was	 wearing	 the	 exact	 same	 clothes	 as	 she	 had	 been	 that
morning.
“Hello,	John.	How	goes	the	farming?”
“Till	we	get	some	of	that	federal	water	here,	mostly	I	grow	imaginary	corn.	Grows	just
as	well	as	anything	else.	Sells	pretty	well	too.	Plus	doesn’t	take	much	work.”
“I	would	not	imagine	it	would,	no.”
Her	mother	said	hello	to	the	shadow	(Jerry?)	behind	the	glass,	glanced	over	the	regular
menu,	 and,	 not	 finding	 anything	 to	 her	 liking,	 said	 the	 code	 phrase	 to	 receive	 the	 secret
menu.
“I	 am	 comfortable	 with	 secrets,”	 she	 said,	 then	 did	 a	 quick	 scan	 of	 the	 proffered
yellow	page.	“Well,	I	have	to	say,	it	all	sounds	so	good.	I’ll	take	the	number	four,	and	I’ll
never	tell	a	soul.”
“Mom,	did	you	always	have	that	car?”
Her	mother	looked	up	from	the	menu.
“Yes,	of	course,	dear.	I’ve	only	ever	had	that	car.	Who	ever	would	have	more	than	one
car	in	their	life?”
“Right.	Yeah,	no.	I	know.”	But	why	did	Jackie	not	remember	it	at	all?
“Have	to	get	back	to	farming	I	suppose,”	said	John,	standing	in	the	open	doorway.
“It’s	dark	out,”	Jackie’s	mother	said.
“Indeed	 it	 is,”	 he	 said,	 shading	 his	 eyes	 and	 looking	 up	 at	 the	 night	 sky.	 “It’s
completely	dark	out.	Well,	better	get	back	to	it.”
He	winked,	tossed	the	wrappers	and	cup	into	a	trash	can,	and	tossed	himself	back	into
his	truck.
“Mom,	you	were	saying	earlier	about	me	as	a	kid.”
“Yes,	dear,	suppose	I	was.”	Her	mother	pulled	some	napkins	from	the	dispenser	and
sat	down.	She	didn’t	look	at	Jackie.
“What	was	that	about?”
Her	mother	laughed.	She	kept	laughing.

“Mom,	what	is	going	on?	Why	won’t	you	tell	me?”
Her	mother	didn’t	stop	laughing.	Also,	she	was	crying.	Jackie	wasn’t	sure	what	to	do.
Her	mother’s	food	showed	up	and	her	mother	was	still	laughing	and	also	crying.	Pausing
several	times	along	the	way,	Jackie	moved	toward	where	her	mother	was	hunched	at	the
counter,	extending	an	arm	and	placing	it	across	her	mother’s	back.	Jackie	looked	out	the
windows	 toward	 her	 own	 car.	 She	 wished	 she	 could	 laugh	 and	 weep,	 too.	 She	 felt	 as
though	everything	had	been	taken	away	from	her,	even	though	only	most	things	had.
Jackie	stared	past	her	car	at	the	dust	of	John’s	departure	swirling	in	the	edge	of	light
and	darkness,	where	she	could	still	see	movement	that	looked	like	a	running	man.
“Diane	Crayton,”	she	said	to	herself.	She	couldn’t	hear	her	mother	anymore.

19

Diane	watches	the	local	news	quite	a	bit.
Even	when	the	cable	is	out,	she	watches	the	local	news.	The	local	news	has	a	strong
broadcast	frequency,	so	even	if	one	did	not	have	cable,	one	would	still	receive	the	local
television	newscast.	Even	if	one	had	working	cable,	the	local	news	broadcast	would	come
in	 on	 all	 channels.	 Or	 even	 if	 one	 did	 not	 have	 an	 antenna.	 Even	 if	 one	 turned	 one’s
television	off,	sometimes	the	frequency	is	just	so	strong.	So	very,	very	strong.	It	is	hard	to
turn	off	the	news.
That’s	the	local	news	station’s	slogan:	“It’s	hard	to	turn	off	the	news.	Go	ahead.	Try.
See?”
In	any	case,	Diane	watches	local	television	news	because	it	speaks	to	her.	It	literally
speaks	to	her.
One	of	the	morning	news	coanchors—who	was	wearing	a	necktie	and	a	coat	and	who
had	hollow	eyes	and	sharp	teeth	and	who	cannot	see	themself	in	still	photographs—said,
“Diane	Crayton.	Hello.”
Diane	said	nothing	at	first,	because	she	was	eating	cereal.	It	was	the	morning	and	she
had	 just	 gotten	 out	 of	 the	 shower	 before	 work.	 In	 the	 shower,	 she	 had	 suddenly	 had	 a
thought	about	all	the	space	within	the	walls	of	a	house	and	how	much	space	that	would
add	up	to	if	it	were	all	turned	into	one	hollow	cube.	She	had	no	idea	where	the	thought	had
come	from.
“Hello,	Diane,”	said	the	coanchor’s	coanchor.
“Hi.	Hello.	Good	morning,”	Diane	replied,	politely	covering	her	face	and	chewing	the
remainder	of	her	mouthful	of	Flakey	O’s,	cereal	made	by	a	local	company	known	for	its
aggressive	and	controversial	advertising.
“How	 is	 Josh?”	 said	 the	 second	 coanchor,	 who	 wore	 a	 brown	 suitcoat	 with	 ivory
lapels,	 who	 wore	 their	 hair	 down,	 who	 had	 shiny	 maroon	 lips	 and	 nails	 and	 bright	 red
eyes.
Josh	had	already	caught	the	bus	to	school.	The	day	after	their	talk	was	good.	The	day
after	that	day	was	less	good.	The	days	after	those	days	had	returned	to	averted	eyes	and
closed	doors.
Diane	 had	 gotten	 some	 concerned	 calls	 from	 the	 school	 about	 Josh	 skipping	 classes
and	 doing	 dangerous	 things	 like	 expressing	 public	 curiosity	 about	 the	 mysterious	 lights
that	pass	over	Night	Vale	at	night,	and	trying	to	enter	the	City	Council	chambers	without

protective	gear.	He	had	also	been	coming	home	late	each	day.
She	had	tried	to	talk	to	him	about	Ty,	but	Josh	looked	annoyed	when	she	brought	it	up.
He	would	just	roll	his	thin,	yellow	eyes,	his	long	ears	flat	across	the	top	of	his	skull,	and
say,	“It’s	fine,”	or	“Nothing	new,”	or	“I	don’t	want	to	talk	about	it.”
“Is	Josh	all	right?”	said	the	second	news	anchor.
“He’s	fine.”
“How	do	you	know?”
Diane	did	not	answer.
“He’s	 going	 through	 a	 lot,	 Diane,”	 said	 the	 first	 coanchor,	 and	 the	 two	 coanchors
shared	a	smile.	(Was	that	a	smile?)
“He	had	a	crush	on	someone,	I	think,	I	guess,	and	it	didn’t	work	out,”	Diane	said.	She
wasn’t	eating	cereal	anymore.
“Is	that	all	that’s	bothering	him?	Just	a	failed	crush?”	the	second	coanchor	pushed	on,
showing	at	least	some	background	in	journalism.
“I	don’t	know.	I	wish	I	knew.	I	don’t	know.	He	seems	different	or	like	something	has
gotten	off	the	rails	inside	him,	and	I	don’t	know	how	to	nudge	him	back.	He’s	been	texting
in	class.	When	he	even	shows	up	for	class.”
“Is	he	texting	a	particular	person?”
“Not	that	I	was	told.”
“Definitely	 check	 your	 phone	 records,	 Diane,”	 the	 first	 anchor	 said,	 leaning	 farther
over	the	desk	than	seemed	possible.
“It’s	a	little	invasive.”
“You’re	his	mother.	You	are	allowed	to	be	invasive	as	long	as	he	is	living	under	your
roof	with	you	paying	the	bills,”	the	second	coanchor	said.
“And	it’s	not	like	you’re	averse	to	checking	other	people’s	phone	records,”	the	other
added.
And	 here	 the	 two	 coanchors	 laughed	 tinnily,	 with	 trained	 rigor,	 and	 there	 was	 a	 low
rumble	felt	by	many	people	across	Night	Vale	for	the	next	few	seconds.
“I	don’t	think	it’s	just	about	a	crush,”	said	one	of	the	anchors.
“I	agree	with	Tim,”	said	the	other.
“Thank	you,	Trinh.”
“Last	 night,	 when	 I	 saw	 him,”	 said	 Diane,	 “he	 was	 small,	 about	 the	 size	 of	 a
basketball.	And	like	a	basketball,	he	was	round.	Unlike	a	basketball,	he	was	smooth	and
dark	and	heavy.	I	don’t	know	how	to	talk	to	him	when	he’s	like	that.”
“You	do	not	know	how	many	parents	say	that,	Diane,”	Tim	purred,	smiling,	eyebrow

tilted.	There	was	a	rapid	clicking	sound	from	the	back	of	Tim’s	throat,	or	“thorax”	as	news
anchors	call	it.
“You	must	be	there	for	him,”	Trinh	said.
“But	what	does	that	mean?	I	stand	outside	his	door.	I	knock.	I	say	‘Josh.’	I	say	it	twice.
I	 tell	 him	 there	 is	 dinner.	 I	 tell	 him	 there	 is	 television.	 He	 says	 ‘cool.’	 That’s	 all.
Everything	is	‘cool.’	And	he	stops	going	to	class.”
There	was	a	high	scream	from	somewhere	in	Diane’s	house,	and	the	sound	of	a	mirror
cracking.	 The	 refrigerator	 opened,	 and	 a	 carton	 of	 almond	 milk	 hit	 the	 floor	 as	 if	 it	 had
been	slapped	off	its	shelf.	(It	had.)	The	faceless	old	woman	who	secretly	lives	in	her	home
was	on	one	of	her	rampages	again.
“Dammit.”	Diane	rolled	her	eyes	and	stood	up.
“Relax,	Diane.	The	milk	is	not	a	disaster.	It	does	not	need	tending	to	right	away.”
“Yes,	finish	your	story.”
“Well,	when	he	does	come	out	of	his	room,	he	sits	without	speaking.	His	eyes	retract.
His	 hair	 grows	 long	 around	 his	 hands	 and	 feet,	 silky	 and	 straight	 and	 soft.	 His	 nostrils
expand.	What	am	I	supposed	to	say	to	that?	What	is	the	right	thing	to	do?”
She	sighed,	watching	the	almond	milk	spread	across	the	floor.
“Honestly,	there	are	times	when	I	want	to	hit	him,”	she	said.	She	had	not	known	she
was	going	to	say	it.
The	coanchors	glanced	at	each	other	and	shuffled	blank	papers	on	their	fake	desk.	The
almond	milk	pooled	against	the	cabinets.	She	needed	to	get	a	paper	towel	to	wipe	it	up	but
didn’t	feel	like	she	could	move.
“I	mean	I	would	never	do	that.	I	just	think	it.	Does	this	make	me	a	bad	person?”
“You	are	only	a	bad	person	if	you	do	bad	things,”	said	the	second	anchor.
“Thank	you.”
“That’s	not	an	acquittal,	Diane.	The	counterpoint	is	that	you	are	only	a	good	person	if
you	do	good	things.”
“Turn	off	the	television	and	look	at	this	knife	I	found	on	eBay,”	whispered	the	voice	of
the	faceless	old	woman	over	Diane’s	shoulder.	She	turned	and	looked	down	the	hall,	more
out	of	habit	than	out	of	interest.	It	was	empty	and	unnaturally	dark.	She	felt	a	finger	brush
her	cheek.
The	 faceless	 old	 woman	 does	 not	 like	 it	 when	 people	 watch	 television.	 Diane	 didn’t
see	her,	had	never	seen	her,	but	she	looked	down	and	there	was	a	long	hunting	knife	on	the
table.	It	was	dull	from	use,	but	clean	and	otherwise	in	excellent	shape.
“It’s	a	nice	knife,	Faceless	Old	Woman.	Did	you	get	a	good	deal	on	it?”
No	reply.

She	turned	off	the	television.	The	anchors	remained	on-screen,	talking	about	tornado
safety	in	the	desert,	and	her	mind	raced	with	the	possibilities	of	how	to	better	express	her
love	to	Josh.
A	 good	 person	 is	 a	 person	 who	 does	 good	 things.	 It	 was	 a	 deceptively	 simple
prescription	because	it	implied	that	she	or	anyone	else	knew	what	good	things	are.	What
could	she	do	in	this	situation	that	was	good,	and	by	what	standard?
She	 grabbed	 her	 phone	 and	 typed,	 “Son,	 I’m	 sorry	 I	 can	 be	 difficult.	 I’m	 sorry	 for
whatever	you	are	going	through,	and	you	don’t	have	to	tell	me.	But	I’m	your	mother,	and
if	there’s	something	we—”	She	reached	the	text	character	limit.
Diane	does	not	like	sending	a	single	message	in	multiple	texts.	She	deleted	words.	She
wrote	 words.	 She	 changed	 the	 part	 about	 not	 needing	 to	 tell	 her	 anything	 to	 something
about	 how	 there	 are	 some	 things	 mothers	 need	 to	 know	 about,	 and	 if	 it’s	 a	 serious	 prob
——
Character	limit.
She	 deleted	 things	 and	 retyped	 things,	 something	 about	 setting	 aside	 one	 night.	 Just
one	night.	An	hour	even.	To	talk.	Even	if	they	just	talked	about	TV	shows.
Delete.
Rewrite.	Something	about	knowing	how	hard	it	is	to	be	a	teenager.
Delete.
Something	 that	 started	 with	 “How’s	 class?”	 but	 then	 devolved	 into	 wanting	 to	 talk
later.
Delete.
Diane	 stared	 at	 her	 phone.	 The	 last	 text	 exchange	 between	 Josh	 and	 her	 was	 from	 a
couple	 days	 ago.	 The	 final	 message	 was	 her:	 “what	 time	 u	 home?”	 The	 text	 before	 that
was	also	from	Diane:	“running	late;	stopping	for	food;	want	anything?”	She	scrolled	back
through	her	and	Josh’s	texts.	A	few	weeks	prior,	there	was	this	one	from	Josh:	“sorry	sent
to	the	wrong	person.”	The	text	before	that	was	Josh	on	the	same	date:	“i	definitely	want	to
meet	him.”
Diane	had	forgotten	this	misdirected	text.	She	read	it	again	with	the	recent	context	of
his	note	about	meeting	a	boy.	Invasive,	she	thinks,	when	she	sees	something	not	meant	for
her.	Good	parenting,	she	thinks,	when	she	has	concern	for	her	son’s	well-being.
Josh	 wanted	 to	 meet	 a	 boy.	 It	 wasn’t	 complicated.	 He	 was	 having	 a	 difficult	 time
allowing	her	into	a	world	that	was	already	fraught	with	self-loathing	and	discomfort.	Josh
simply	wanted	to	meet	some	boy,	and	her	prying	put	him	on	edge.	A	crush.	A	teenager	in
an	early	approximation	of	love.	It	was	sweet.
She	did	not	cry,	but	she	pre-cried.
“Reminder:	I	love	you	very	much.	That	is	all.”	She	sent	the	text.

The	pre-crying	turned	to	crying.	A	good	cry.	A	sad,	but	good	cry.	The	anchors	on	the
television	 glanced	 over	 at	 her	 with	 concern	 but	 continued	 to	 report	 the	 news.	 She	 felt	 a
hand	rub	her	back	gently.
“Thanks,	Faceless	Old	Woman,”	she	said.	“That	feels	nice.”
Her	phone	buzzed.	She	looked	down.	Josh	had	texted	back.
“I	want	to	meet	Troy.”

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	And	now,	the	community	calendar.
Saturday	 is	 a	 softball	 game	 between	 Night	 Vale	 Community	 Radio	 and	 Night	 Vale
Local	 News	 TV.	 I	 don’t	 mind	 telling	 you,	 this	 is	 not	 a	 game	 I	 enjoy.	 The	 creatures	 that
work	in	television	news,	because	of	the	shape	and	quantity	of	their	appendages,	often	hold
the	bat	in	ways	that	are	unsettling	to	the	human	eye.	They	usually	win	by	creeping	out	the
other	team	so	much	that	the	opposing	team	all	goes	to	sit	mutely	on	the	bench	while	the
TV	News	team	plays	their	way	to	a	win	on	an	empty	field.	Come	out	for	what	should	be	a
great	game!
Sunday	 is	 the	 annual	 Imaginary	 Corn	 Festival	 and	 Fun	 Fair,	 celebrating	 our	 town’s
most	important	crop.	Come	try	out	some	simple	and	healthy	imaginary	corn	recipes	and
take	part	in	a	costume	contest	sponsored	by	the	Night	Vale	Daily	Journal.	They	are	asking
that	everyone	dress	up	as	the	decline	of	the	printed	word	in	a	society	reverting	to	a	state	of
brainless	 animality.	 The	 best	 costume	 wins	 one	 year	 of	 not	 being	 forced	 to	 purchase
several	Daily	Journal	subscriptions	by	newspaper	employees	armed	with	hatchets.	There
will	also	be	rides	and	carnival	games	and	apprehensive	excitement	and	hoped-for	futures
and	 stomach	 pains	 and	 sweat	 and	 disappointment	 and	 sweat	 and	 sweat	 and	 love	 and
glances	that	mean	more	than	they	should	but	less	than	they	need	to	and	a	dunking	booth.
Monday	will	be	free-sample	day	at	the	Sheraton	Funeral	Home.
Tuesday	will	be	reversed.	We	will	rise	tired	from	sleep	to	find	that	it	is	night	and	brush
plaque	 onto	 our	 teeth.	 We	 will	 move	 backwards	 to	 work,	 where	 we	 will	 undo
spreadsheets,	lose	ideas	to	dissipating	meetings,	and	unsee	hundreds	of	cat	pictures.	Then,
returning	with	a	buzz	of	caffeine	to	our	homes,	we	will	spit	liquid	alertness	into	cups	and,
refreshed	but	groggy,	return	to	dreams	that	we	faintly,	just	faintly,	remember.
Wednesday	is	Smell	Like	a	Pirate	Day.	Everyone	in	town	is	encouraged	to	get	in	on
the	wacky	fun	by	not	bathing	for	weeks	and	rubbing	yourself	with	ash	and	blood.
Thursday,	the	employees	at	Dark	Owl	Records	will	be	holding	a	séance	to	reach	the
ghost	of	Patsy	Cline.	If	you’d	like	to	come	by	and	help,	just	enter	quietly	and	please	wear
a	bolo	tie.	We’re	all	wearing	bolo	ties	now.	And	don’t	wear	those	shoes.	God,	do	we	have
to	tell	you	everything?	Maybe	it’s	better	if	you	don’t	come	by.	Records	are	not	for	sale,	as
usual.
We	are	skipping	Friday	this	week,	but	we’ll	make	up	for	it	by	having	Double	Friday
next	week.	Mark	your	schedules.
This	has	been	the	community	calendar.

I’ve	just	been	handed	an	update.	The	Secret	Police	would	like	to	retract	their	earlier
statement	that	they	will	be	out	in	large	numbers	tonight.	That	was	not	meant	to	be	known.
“You	think	you	want	to	know	things,	but	then	you	know	them,	and	it’s	too	late.	You
didn’t	want	to	know	that.	You	didn’t	want	to	know	that	at	all,”	the	Secret	Police’s	press
release	reads.	“This	is	one	of	those	things	you	will	wish	you	had	never	known.”
The	statement	goes	on	to	say	that	memory	is	a	tenuous	human	construct,	and	nothing
matters	in	the	Grand	Scheme,	so	whatever.
In	 other	 news,	 a	 man	 in	 a	 tan	 jacket,	 holding	 a	 deerskin	 suitcase,	 was	 seen.	 I	 don’t
remember	anything	about	him	or	why	this	was	news,	but	it	had	seemed	important	at	the
time.	I	wrote	it	down:	“Say	the	important	thing	about	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.”	What	was
it?	What	was	I	supposed	to	say?

20

“It’s	not	a	good	idea,	Josh.”
“Why?”	His	shouts	were	muffled	behind	his	locked	bedroom	door.
“Because—”
In	the	space	after	the	word	because,	Diane	thought	through	what	the	next	words	could
be.
Because	 he	 is	 a	 dangerous	 person?	 Maybe.	 Troy	 doesn’t	 seem	 to	 be	 a	 danger.	 But
anyone	could	be	a	dangerous	person.
Because	 he	 will	 only	 let	 you	 down?	 Probably.	 He	 had	 disappeared	 before,	 he	 could
disappear	again.	He	could	also	just	be	a	terrible	father.
Because	 it	 is	 complicated.	 More	 complicated	 than	 you	 can	 process	 with	 your	 young
brain,	she	wanted	to	say.
Because	she	didn’t	have	a	reason	exactly	but	felt	a	storm	on	its	way,	a	confluence	of
Troy’s	reappearance	and	Josh’s	interest	and	the	disappearance	of	Evan,	and	she	wanted	to
wrap	herself	around	Josh	and	keep	him	from	all	of	whatever	was	going	to	happen	next.
“Because	I	said	so,”	Diane	said.
There	was	no	audible	response.
“I	have	to	go,”	she	said.
“Where	are	you	going?	It’s	seven	o’clock.”
“Out.”
“With	who?	With	Don?”
They	both	took	the	expected	tone	and	said	their	lines	as	if	from	a	script,	but	the	scene
had	gotten	mixed	up	and	reversed	somehow.	They	both	wanted	to	put	it	back	the	way	it
was	supposed	to	be,	but	neither	of	them	knew	how	to	do	that.
She	was	going	out	to	try	to	find	Troy	again,	perhaps	make	another	visit	to	the	movies.
She	needed	to	confront	Troy	now,	before	Josh	did.	Josh	would	inevitably	find	him,	so	it
would	 be	 better	 if	 she	 could	 facilitate	 that	 on	 her	 own	 terms,	 rather	 than	 her	 son’s	 or,
worse,	Troy’s.
Also,	given	that	she	had	hit	a	dead	end	in	her	search	for	Evan	at	work	and	with	Dawn,
the	only	place	she	could	get	any	more	information	was	at	the	hall	of	records,	but	citizens

were	 not	 allowed	 to	 know	 where	 public	 records	 were	 kept.	 She	 figured	 they	 were
somewhere	in	City	Hall	basement,	but	unless	you	had	high-level	clearance	to	get	into	the
records	 offices,	 you	 would	 become	 stuck	 in	 the	 elaborate,	 tricky	 mazes	 designed	 to	 trap
news	reporters	and	nosy	genealogists.
The	other	option	was	to	go	to	the	public	library.	Few	people	came	back	from	a	visit	to
the	library.
There	was	one	girl	a	few	years	ago	that	survived	the	Summer	Reading	Program	at	the
Night	 Vale	 Public	 Library.	 The	 girl,	 Tamika	 Flynn,	 defeated	 the	 librarian	 that	 had
imprisoned	her	and	her	classmates,	using	the	switchblade	hidden	in	every	hardback	edition
of	Eudora	Welty’s	touching	homecoming	novel	The	Optimist’s	Daughter.
But	 few	 who	 have	 seen	 a	 librarian	 up	 close	 have	 survived	 or	 been	 in	 a	 physical
condition	to	communicate.
Perhaps	Diane	could	use	Troy.	Police	officers	have	access	to	all	kinds	of	databases.	If
Diane	 could	 just	 have	 a	 few	 minutes	 searching	 Troy’s	 office	 computers,	 she	 could
probably	find	something	about	Evan.	Just	something	to	point	her	in	a	new	direction:	real
estate	 records,	 a	 birth	 or	 wedding	 announcement,	 any	 number	 of	 the	 mandatory	 dream
journals	that	he	would	have	had	to	file	with	the	city	if	he	were	a	legal	resident	and,	if	he
didn’t,	some	kind	of	prison	record.
To	do	that	she	needed	to	be	away	from	Josh	more	than	she	had	been	in	his	entire	life,
and	in	order	to	do	that,	she	needed	to	keep	up	the	imaginary	thing	with	Dawn.
“Yes,	with	Dawn.”
“Why	don’t	you	have	Don	over	for	dinner?”
Diane	did	not	reply.	Josh	opened	his	door,	his	wings	flapping	in	an	effortless	blur.
“Mom,	there	was	no	Ty.	DeVon	helped	me	figure	out	that	my	dad’s	real	name	is	Troy
Walsh.	We	couldn’t	find	a	photo,	but	DeVon’s	seeing	if	his	friend	can	get	one.	I	want	to
meet	my	dad.	So	now	I’ve	told	you	the	truth.	I’ve	opened	up	like	you	keep	asking	me	to
do.	Now	you.	Now	your	turn.	You’ve	been	going	out	on	dates.	Sometimes	these	dates	go
all	night,	and,	okay,	so	that’s	a	thing,	I	guess,	and	I	don’t	need	those	specifics.	But	I’ve
never	 had	 a	 dad,	 and	 you	 won’t	 let	 me	 meet	 him,	 and	 now	 you’re	 dating	 someone
seriously	and	you	won’t	let	me	meet	him	either.”
“Dawn’s	a	she,”	Diane	corrected	automatically,	based	on	a	reality	that	was	irrelevant
to	her	lie,	and	regretted	it	immediately.
“So	you	just	really	don’t	want	me	to	have	a	dad,	do	you?”	he	said,	also	automatically,
based	on	a	hurt	that	was	not	irrelevant	to	his	life,	and	then	immediately:	“No,	I’m	sorry.
No,	that’s	fine.	I	didn’t	mean	…	That’s	fine.”
He	was	flustered,	back	on	the	defensive	and	unsure	of	how	he	had	gotten	there.
Diane	 did	 nothing.	 She	 breathed,	 unintentionally.	 The	 faceless	 old	 woman	 who
secretly	lives	in	their	home	crawled	by	on	the	ceiling,	but	neither	of	them	noticed.

Josh	matched	Diane’s	stare	for	a	second,	then	slithered	backwards	and	shut	the	door.
There	are	a	lot	of	things	we	don’t	understand	about	orange	juice,	the	house	thought.
Diane	 walked	 to	 the	 kitchen	 and	 swung	 open	 the	 fridge.	 She	 did	 not	 want	 anything
from	inside	it,	and	so	stood	in	front	of	the	open	fridge	for	several	moments,	unsure	of	what
she	was	doing	next.
Her	phone	buzzed.	A	text.	“Hello.”
She	texted	back	to	the	unknown	number,	“Hello?”
Diane	stared	at	the	carton	of	orange	juice	in	the	fridge,	at	the	bright	round	fruit	logo,
its	 straw	 hat	 shading	 unseen	 eyes	 on	 the	 pocked	 face,	 a	 tight	 grin	 with	 perfect	 human
teeth,	 separated	 slightly,	 and	 a	 pink,	 leaf-shaped	 tongue.	 She	 didn’t	 know	 why	 she	 was
fixating	on	the	orange	juice,	but	she	didn’t	know	why	she	was	doing	anything.
Troy	was	everywhere.	There	were	so	many	of	him,	and	Josh	wanted	to	meet	just	one
of	 him.	 It	 was	 a	 meeting	 she	 didn’t	 think	 she	 was	 going	 to	 be	 able	 to	 prevent,	 so	 she
needed	more	time	to	understand	who	Troy	was	now,	and	what	he	wanted.	And	then	there
was	Evan.	Why	was	she	looking	so	hard	for	Evan?
It	seemed	to	her	that	her	life	had	slipped	loose	somehow,	its	progression	all	off	track.
Josh	and	Troy,	that	was	one	thing.	But	she	felt	a	larger	shift,	and	that	shift	had	all	started
when	Evan	disappeared	and	became	forgotten	by	all	but	her.	There	was	something	wrong,
in	her	life,	in	Night	Vale,	maybe	in	the	world.	The	magnitude	of	the	thing	was	unclear,	but
wherever	it	was,	she	was	inside	it.
Her	phone	buzzed.
“it’s	been	a	while”
She	didn’t	know	what	that	meant,	and	didn’t	want	to	reply.	She	should	go	to	the	movie
theater.	She	was	going	to	go	to	the	movie	theater.
She	walked	back	to	Josh’s	closed	door.
“Josh,	I’m	sorry.	I	know	this	all	doesn’t	make	sense	to	you.	It	doesn’t	all	make	sense	to
me	either.”
Nothing.
“I	love	you.”
A	long	nothing.
“I’m	not	perfect.	I’m	not.	I’m	sorry.”
There	came	a	faint	“Love	you,	too.”
She	exhaled.	Her	phone	buzzed	again.
“do	you	remember	me?”
She	stared	at	the	phone.	The	area	code	of	the	texts	was	a	postage-stamp-size	photo	of	a
burnt-out	 forest	 alive	 with	 luminescent	 snails	 in	 an	 array	 of	 vivid	 colors.	 She	 didn’t

recognize	that	area	code,	but	it	wasn’t	local.
Buzz.
“you	remember	me	diane”
“Who	is	this?”	she	typed.
Nothing.
Nothing.
She	 was	 tired	 of	 waiting	 for	 things	 to	 happen	 to	 her;	 she	 would	 make	 something
happen.	She	would	just	call	the	number.	She	put	the	phone	to	her	ear.
It	buzzed	warm	in	her	ear,	and	she	yelped	at	the	proximity.	Another	text.
“evan”
There	was	a	photo	attached.
It	was	a	man.	She	was	sure	she	had	never	seen	his	face	before.	He	was	wearing	a	tan
jacket	and	holding	a	small	brown	suitcase.	It	looked	to	be	leather.	He	had	dark	gray	slacks
and	a	light	blue	shirt,	open	at	the	collar.
She	looked	at	his	face.	She	stared	for	a	long	time,	trying	to	recall	his	eyes,	his	mouth,
the	curve	of	his	nose,	his	hairline.	It	wasn’t	that	he	was	unfamiliar	to	her,	it	was	that	she
couldn’t	 keep	 her	 eyes	 focused	 on	 him.	 Every	 time	 she	 would	 look	 at	 his	 cheeks	 or	 his
ears	or	his	chin,	she	found	herself	instead	looking	at	his	tan	jacket	or	his	leather	suitcase.
And	when	her	eyes	did	land	on	his	face,	it	was	like	the	first	time	she	had	ever	seen
him.	There	was	no	recognition.
Buzz.
“remember?”
“evan.	i	remember,	but	no	one	else	does.”
“no	one	ever	does	diane”
“i’ve	 been	 looking	 for	 you.	 where	 are	 you.”	 Diane	 was	 reaching	 for	 a	 pen	 to	 write
down	this	number.	She	needed	physical,	not	just	digital,	evidence	of	his	existence.
“i’ll	come	to	you”
She	 began	 to	 type	 “actually	 I	 was	 just	 heading	 out.	 let’s	 meet	 up	 in	 town”	 while
grabbing	her	purse	and	walking	to	the	front	door.
Halfway	into	writing	that:	Buzz.
“Here!”	said	the	text.
There	 was	 a	 loud	 knock	 on	 the	 front	 door	 directly	 in	 front	 of	 her.	 Diane	 suddenly
remembered	that	she	had	left	the	fridge	open.

21

Diane	was	sitting	in	a	corner	booth	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite	Diner	without	any	clear	idea
how	she	got	there.	She	glanced	to	her	right	and	saw	her	car	parked	in	the	lot.
“Don’t	turn	your	head.”
Across	the	table	sat	a	man	wearing	a	tan	jacket.	He	looked	familiar.
“Keep	your	eyes	on	me,	Diane.”
In	her	lap	were	some	notes	in	her	handwriting.	One	said	“Evan	McIntyre.”	One	said
“King	City?”	The	second	one	was	circled	twice	and	underlined.
How	had	she	ended	up	here?	Think	back	through	it.	What	had	been	done	to	her?	Or
what	had	she	done	to	herself?	She	felt	like	she	was	outside	of	herself,	looking	at	her	life
through	a	stranger’s	eyes,	and	she	didn’t	love	what	she	saw.
She	looked	back	across	the	table,	and	the	man	was	not	there.	She	blinked	for	a	second,
and	he	returned.
“Keep	your	eyes	on	me,”	he	said,	“or	you	will	forget.”
“Evan,”	Diane	said	uncertainly.
“My	 name	 is	 not	 Evan,”	 said	 the	 man	 whose	 name	 was	 not	 Evan.	 Then	 he	 said	 his
name.
“Evan,”	Diane	said	uncertainly.
He	repeated	his	actual	name.
“Evan,	I	don’t	care	what	your	name	is.	I’m	sorry,	I	don’t.	Why	did	you	disappear	from
the	office?”
She	wondered	how	long	she	had	been	at	the	Moonlite,	and	if	Josh	was	worried	about
her.	She	worried	more	about	his	worrying	than	she	worried	about	him.	At	the	same	time
she	felt	a	victory	inside	herself	that	Evan	was	real,	that	he	was	sitting	in	front	of	her,	that
there	was	some	confirmation	that	he	had	existed	and	had	worked	at	her	office.
The	 man	 sat	 up	 straight,	 widening	 his	 shoulders,	 a	 gesture	 simultaneously	 receptive
and	defensive.
Laura	 came	 by	 the	 table	 and	 poured	 them	 both	 coffee.	 Diane	 ordered	 lunch.	 Laura
drew	 a	 picture	 of	 a	 cow	 skull	 on	 her	 notepad,	 using	 her	 finger	 and	 a	 small	 pot	 of	 ink
clipped	to	her	pad.	It	was	a	detailed	picture	that	took	her	a	few	minutes,	while	Evan	and

Diane	patiently	waited	for	her	to	be	done,	and	when	she	showed	them,	they	both	agreed	it
captured	the	beauty	and	impermanence	of	physical	life.
Before	heading	back	to	the	kitchen,	Laura	said,	“I’m	sorry,	dear,	what	did	you	order
again?”
“Just	the	coffee,”	Evan	said.	“Thank	you.”
“You	have	pretty	eyes,”	Laura	said.	She	didn’t	know	why	she	had	said	it.	She	also	did
not	believe	in	free	will,	but	that	is	not	important	to	mention.
“Me	or	him?”	Diane	said,	jokingly,	although	she	did	want	to	know.
“What,	dear?”
“Which	of	us	do	you	mean?”
“I	don’t	understand.”
“Did	you	mean	me	or	Evan?”
“Who’s	Evan,	dear?”
Diane	looked	back	to	Evan,	but	he	wasn’t	there.
“You	came	here	alone,	Diane.	Just	a	few	minutes	ago.”
There	was	only	one	coffee	cup	on	the	table.	Only	one	place	setting.	The	Naugahyde
chair	across	from	her	was	empty	and	pushed	snugly	under	the	table.
“Never	mind.	Thanks,”	she	said.
Laura	turned	to	leave,	her	branches	swinging	through	the	empty	air	where	Evan	had
been.
Diane	breathed	with	effort.
She	looked	where	Evan’s	eyes	would	have	been.	She	could	not	recall	what	they	looked
like,	but	she	could	guess	their	approximate	location.	She	did	not	see	him	appear.	He	was
just	there	again,	matching	her	gaze.	She	wanted	to	look	away.
“Focus,”	he	said,	visible	again.
“This	is	hard	for	me.”
“This	 is	 hard	 for	 me	 too.	 Almost	 no	 one	 remembers	 me.	 Not	 even	 back	 where	 I’m
from.	But	you	do.	You	remember	me.	I	need	your	help,	Diane.”
Diane	gripped	her	coffee	cup	hard.	She	thought	of	the	last	time	she’d	talked	with	Josh,
and	she	let	that	anger	carry	her	through	the	strangeness	of	the	conversation.
“You	don’t	just	get	to	ask	me	for	help.	I	don’t	know	you.	You	show	up	at	my	office.
You	 insinuate	 yourself	 into	 my	 memories	 and	 then	 you	 vanish	 from	 my	 life.	 You	 keep
vanishing	even	now.”
“It’s	not	something	I	can	control.”
“I	don’t	want	excuses.”	She	slid	a	pen	and	a	piece	of	blank	paper	across	the	table,	her

eyes	still	on	his.	“I	want	you	to	write	your	name	down.”
He	opened	his	mouth.
“Do	it	quickly.	No	talking.”
Diane	is	a	nice	person.	Nice	people	are	not	good	at	being	direct.	Nice	people	do	not
like	 to	 make	 others	 feel	 rushed	 or	 indebted	 or	 insulted.	 Nice	 people	 like	 to	 make	 others
feel	nice.	It	is	difficult	to	maintain	niceness	while	being	assertive.	You	can	be	respectful
and	assertive,	of	course,	but	that	has	nothing	to	do	with	being	nice.
“And	while	you’re	doing	that	I’m	going	to	take	pictures	of	you.	I’m	not	going	to	be
put	in	this	position	of	ridicule	again.”
She	held	her	phone	up.
“I’m	not	trying	to	ridicule	you,	Diane.	I’m	happy	to	help	you	in	whatever	way	I	can,”
he	 said,	 writing	 out	 his	 name	 on	 the	 page.	 Diane	 looked	 at	 the	 name,	 nodded,	 and
immediately	forgot	it.
“Help	 me?	 Evan,	 I	 don’t	 remember	 how	 I	 got	 to	 this	 diner.	 Do	 you	 know	 how
uncomfortable	that	makes	me?”
Laura	returned	before	he	could	reply.	She	placed	a	bowl	of	fruit	and	a	pile	of	pumice
stones	in	front	of	Diane.	She	refilled	both	coffees.
“Here’s	 your	 Greek	 salad,”	 Laura	 said.	 “And	 here’s	 more	 coffee,	 handsome.”	 She
glanced	at	the	man	and	raised	her	eyebrows	at	Diane,	grinning.	Diane	did	not	move	her
eyes	from	the	man.	Laura	shrugged,	walked	away,	and	forgot	what	had	just	happened.
Diane	took	several	pictures	of	him.
“It’s	hard	to	expl——,”	he	said.
“Try,”	she	interrupted.
The	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket	 holding	 a	 deerskin	 suitcase	 explained.	 Diane	 understood.
She	 nodded.	 She	 protested.	 She	 decided	 she	 would	 never	 do	 what	 he	 said,	 and	 then	 she
agreed	to	think	about	it.
She	took	a	sip	of	coffee.	She	had	no	memory	of	what	he	had	just	said.
“You’ll	need	this.”	He	handed	her	a	slip	of	paper	that	said	“KING	CITY.”
“What	is	this?”	she	said.
Instead	of	answering,	he	pointed	at	the	man	in	the	white	apron	with	blond	hair	walking
past	their	table.
“That	 is	 who	 I	 mean.	 That	 is	 who	 I	 mean,”	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket	 whispered	 in
Diane’s	left	ear	even	as	he	sat	across	the	table	from	her,	his	mouth	not	moving.
“Troy?”	She	followed	Troy	with	her	eyes.	“How	do	you	know	him?”
She	turned	back	to	where	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket	had	been	sitting.	He	was,	of	course,
gone.	 His	 chair	 was	 pulled	 out,	 his	 coffee	 half	 empty.	 Some	 currency	 that	 was	 clearly

marked	as	American	but	that	she	did	not	recognize	lay	on	the	table.
“I	already	explained	that	to	you.	Remember?”	came	his	whisper	in	her	right	ear.	“Give
that	paper	to	Josh.	I	want	to	meet	Josh.”
“What	do	you	want	with	Josh?”	At	her	son’s	name,	her	bewilderment	tunneled	into	a
feeling	of	intense	protection.	Like	hell	would	anyone	be	dragging	a	child	into	this	mess.
There	was	no	answer.	She	looked	out	the	window.
The	man	in	the	tan	jacket	was	running	out	to	the	desert.	She	could	just	barely	see	him
at	the	edge	of	the	parking	lot’s	radius	of	light.	His	arms	were	swinging	wildly,	his	suitcase
swinging	along.	His	legs	were	flailing,	great	puffs	of	sand	kicked	up	behind	him,	his	head
thrown	back,	sweat	running	down	his	face	visible	even	from	where	she	sat.	The	kind	of
run	that	was	from	something	and	not	toward.	Then	he	left	the	faint	edge	of	the	light	and
was	gone.
She	looked	down	at	the	slip	of	paper	in	her	hand.	It	read	“KING	CITY.”	She	gathered
up	her	things,	hiding	the	pen	in	her	bag,	mortified	that	she’d	left	a	potential	misdemeanor
out	on	the	table	for	anyone	to	see.
She	was	still	uncertain	how	long	she	had	been	at	the	diner.	Had	she	said	good-bye	to
Josh?	Did	he	know	where	she	was?	She	would	text	him.
Before	leaving,	she	scanned	the	diner	for	Troy.	She	couldn’t	see	him.
Jackie	 waved	 at	 her	 from	 the	 counter.	 They	 exchanged	 pleasantries.	 There	 was
something	 odd	 about	 the	 way	 Jackie	 considered	 her.	 Thoughtful	 and	 suspicious.	 Diane
tried	 to	 seem	 completely	 at	 ease.	 They	 exchanged	 some	 words	 that	 didn’t	 mean	 much.
Then	things	turned.	Diane	said,	“What?”	and	Jackie	shook	her	head	impatiently.
“Never	mind.	What	do	you	got	there?”
She	 nodded	 at	 the	 paper	 in	 Diane’s	 hand.	 Diane	 realized	 that	 Jackie	 was	 holding	 an
identical	 paper,	 but	 couldn’t	 get	 her	 mind	 to	 rest	 on	 that	 fact	 long	 enough	 to	 become
curious	about	it.
“Nothing,”	said	Diane,	and	stuffed	the	paper	into	her	purse.	It	stayed	in	her	purse.
“Lucky,”	 said	 Jackie,	 and	 turned	 back	 to	 her	 coffee,	 tapping	 the	 edge	 of	 her	 paper
against	the	counter.
Diane	 still	 didn’t	 understand,	 but	 Jackie	 seemed	 grumpy,	 and	 so	 Diane	 let	 the
conversation	end	there.	She	said	some	sort	of	casual	good-bye,	and	Jackie	threw	it	back	in
her	face	as	a	sarcastic	joke,	which	Diane	thought	was	unnecessary	and	rude.
As	she	walked	to	her	car,	she	reached	into	her	bag	for	her	keys.
Her	hand	came	across	some	crumpled	paper.	She	pulled	it	out.	“KING	CITY,”	it	said.
Why	did	she	have	that?	Where	would	this	piece	of	paper	have	come	from?	She	tossed	it
on	the	ground	and	then,	feeling	guilty,	picked	it	up	to	carry	around	to	the	dumpster.	Before
she	could	toss	it	in,	there	was	a	crashing	sound	next	to	her,	which	made	her	jump.
Troy	was	there,	throwing	big	bags	of	trash	into	the	dumpster.

“Oh,	hey,”	he	said,	and	ducked	quickly	through	the	back	door.
She	seemed	to	be	holding	a	piece	of	paper.	She	did	not	know	what	it	was	or	where	it
could	 have	 come	 from	 or	 how	 much	 she	 would	 later	 regret	 keeping	 it.	 She	 put	 it	 in	 her
purse.

22

Jackie	was	at	a	dead	end,	investigation-wise.	In	terms	of	tacos,	she	was	doing	fine.	Judged
on	 her	 ability	 to	 never	 be	 able	 to	 let	 go	 of	 a	 slip	 of	 paper	 with	 her	 left	 hand,	 it	 was	 all
going	great.	But	trying	to	figure	out	what	the	hell	was	going	on	was	not	going	well	at	all.
She	 had	 spent	 the	 night	 with	 open	 eyes,	 trying	 to	 will	 her	 mind	 to	 be	 just	 as	 open.
There	had	to	be	something	she	had	missed,	some	connection	to	be	made	in	the	events	and
individuals	moving	about	in	the	memory	of	her	day.	But	if	there	was,	she	couldn’t	see	it.
Maybe	 she	 wasn’t	 smart	 enough.	 Or	 maybe	 the	 world	 wasn’t.	 Maybe	 the	 world	 wasn’t
smart	enough	to	put	together	a	story	that	made	sense.	Maybe	it	could	only	stick	together
random	 elements	 randomly,	 forming,	 as	 Shakespeare	 had	 famously	 written,	 “a	 show	 of
senseless	movement	and	circumstance	that	ultimately	doesn’t	amount	to	much	at	all.”
The	next	morning	found	her	with	only	one	lead	left.	She	had	seen	that	blond	man	at
her	mother’s	house.	And	she	had	seen	him	outside	of	the	mayor’s	office.	And	she	had	seen
him	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite	Diner.	It	was	time	to	talk	to	that	man	and	to	find	out	how	he
was	involved	in	whatever	it	was	this	whatever	was.
She	drove	to	the	Moonlite	All-Nite.	It	was	the	same	crowd	as	always,	which	is	to	say
that	there	were	many	of	the	regulars,	and	also	to	say	that	certain	people	were	always	in	the
Moonlite	All-Nite,	always	at	the	same	booths,	always	working	on	plates	of	food	that	never
seemed	to	go	away.	It’s	a	sign	of	a	good	diner	to	have	customers	who	are	stuck	in	time.	A
well-known	rule	of	eating	is	that	if	there	are	no	time-loop	customers,	the	place	probably
isn’t	worth	even	ordering	a	plate	of	fries.
Jackie	sat	in	her	regular	spot	at	the	counter.
“Hiya,	 Jackie,”	 said	 Laura,	 moving	 with	 difficulty	 behind	 the	 counter,	 her	 thick,
woody	branches	scraping	against	it.	“You	hungry?”	She	bent	a	fruit-laden	branch	toward
her	invitingly.
“Thanks,	Laura,	but	just	a	coffee.”
Laura	pushed	her	way	toward	the	coffee	machine,	her	branches	knocking	over	tubs	of
ketchup	and	mayonnaise	and	stacks	of	empty	water	glasses	as	she	went.
Jackie	watched	the	kitchen.	There	was	no	blond	man.
She	turned	to	survey	the	room.	Diane	Crayton	was	getting	out	of	her	booth.	It	seemed
like	there	was	probably	someone	with	her,	but	Jackie	couldn’t	remember	who.	She	looked
back	 at	 Diane’s	 table,	 and	 her	 heart	 began	 to	 pound,	 and	 then	 she	 looked	 at	 the	 kitchen
again	and	couldn’t	understand	why	her	heart	was	pounding.

Diane	walked	by	her.	Jackie	decided	to	stop	her,	talk	a	little,	make	it	seem	casual.	She
needed	to	know	if	Diane	actually	was	involved	somehow.
“Hey!	Diane!”	Jackie	said	with	a	casual	half	salute.
Diane	jumped	and	gasped.
“Easy,”	 Jackie	 said,	 bringing	 her	 saluting	 hand	 down	 to	 pat	 the	 air	 with	 a	 “Whoa.”
“Just	saying	hi.”
“Sure.	I	was	…”	Diane	took	a	breath.	“I	was	all	caught	up	in	my	thoughts.”
She	waved	her	hand	to	indicate	where	her	thoughts	were.	She	laughed	to	indicate	that
she	 was	 fine	 and	 unbothered.	 The	 combination	 of	 hands	 and	 laughter	 indicated	 she	 was
startled	and	uncomfortable.
“Totally	get	it.	Cool.”
“I	am	sorry.	I	have	to	go.	I	hope	the	tear	I	gave	you	is	working	out	okay.”
“Yeah.	The	tear.	It’s	great.	I’m	sure	it’ll	fly	off	the	shelf	real	soon.	Always	a	demand
for	tears.”
“How’s	your	mother?”
Jackie	gave	her	a	hard	look.
“What	do	you	know	about	my	mother?”
Diane	frowned	with	her	whole	face.
“What?”	she	said.
The	conversation	went	wrong	from	there.	Jackie	felt	Diane	hiding	something	from	her.
It	felt	like	everyone	was	hiding	something	from	Jackie,	the	whole	world	a	game	of	hideand-seek	 she	 had	 never	 consented	 to	 play.	 She	 gave	 up	 on	 the	 conversation	 and	 turned
back	to	the	coffee.
Diane	smiled,	but	only	with	her	mouth.
“I’ll	be	seeing	you,	Jackie.”
“I’m	completely	visible.”	Jackie	thought	this	was	a	pretty	good	joke,	but	Diane	didn’t
laugh.
Jackie’s	coffee	had	arrived	in	a	mug	with	the	logo	of	a	strangely	proportioned	giant	of
a	man	leering	out	at	the	world.	Underneath	it	was	a	phrase	that	had	been	vandalized	by
some	sharp	object,	chipping	most	of	it	away	and	leaving	only
CALL				4		6	TO			M								E.

The	mug	had	a	smudge	where	blood	had	been	incompletely	wiped	off.
She	sipped	and	she	waited.	She	waited	and	she	sipped.	The	act	of	sipping	was	an	act	of
waiting.	Sometimes	she	didn’t	even	put	the	coffee	in	her	mouth,	only	held	her	lips	to	the
rim	and	then	put	the	mug	back	down.

The	woman	with	the	clipboard	was	there	as	usual,	and	each	time	that	Jackie	took	a	sip
the	woman	would	write	something	down.	She	appeared	to	be	working	with	a	woman	with
an	earpiece	standing	outside,	as	she	would	occasionally	wave	wildly	to	her,	and	the	other
woman	 would	 wave	 wildly	 back,	 and	 then	 they	 would	 quickly	 and	 nonchalantly	 look
away,	loudly	whistling	and	saying,	“I	don’t	know	that	person.	If	you	asked	me	to	define	a
stranger,	I’d	say	that	lady.	Couldn’t	know	her	less.”
Jackie	looked	back	at	the	kitchen,	and	there	was	the	man	again:	blond,	handsome	in	all
of	the	expected	ways	(and	in	this	way	not	handsome),	staring	at	her	and	flipping	endless
amounts	of	burgers	into	the	air,	a	fountain	of	burgers	with	a	meat-splash	pattern	in	a	fivefoot	radius	around	him.
She	 hopped	 up	 from	 the	 stool.	 The	 woman	 with	 the	 clipboard	 started	 writing
frantically	on	the	clipboard,	and	Laura	said,	“Hey,	Jackie,	where	you	going?”	but	couldn’t
get	up	because	her	branches	were	caught	in	the	ice	cream	freezer	door.
Jackie	 ran	 to	 the	 back,	 where	 the	 steel	 swinging	 doors	 of	 the	 kitchen	 were.	 She
slammed	 through	 them	 into	 a	 kitchen	 with	 no	 one	 in	 it.	 All	 the	 burgers	 were	 still	 there,
evidence	of	the	man’s	recent	existence.
She	walked	slowly	past	the	prep	table,	stopping	to	look	under	it,	where	the	pans	and
plates	were	stored.	No	one.
There	was	no	back	door	that	she	could	see.	He	had	to	be	in	here.
A	soft	clank.	Some	hanging	spatulas	moving.	She	crept	toward	them,	looking	around
at	the	large	dishwashing	sink	and	the	cold	storage	room.
The	cold	storage	room.	A	heavy	magnetized	door.	Was	it	slightly	ajar?
She	reached	out	her	hand,	slowly,	so	slowly.	Fingers	around	the	handle.	The	kitchen
was	empty	and	silent.	No	one	out	in	the	diner	seemed	to	be	watching.	Even	the	woman
with	the	clipboard	had	returned	to	her	usual	business	of	marking	off	new	entrances.	She
was	alone	and	no	one	would	help	her	if	anything	went	wrong.
“Story	of	my	life,”	she	said,	and	flung	open	the	magnetized	door.	Shelves	of	meat	and
produce,	nothing	else.	There	was	nowhere	she	could	see	to	hide.
A	crash	from	behind	her.	The	blond	man	pushed	away	the	pile	of	plates	he	had	been
hiding	behind	in	a	shout	of	broken	ceramics.	She	tore	after	him,	and	they	both	slammed
through	the	steel	swinging	doors.	She	was	just	behind	him	as	they	weaved	through	tables
and	surprised	customers.
The	 clipboard	 woman	 was	 adding	 something	 up	 on	 her	 clipboard,	 mouthing	 the
equations	as	she	went,	apparently	uninterested	in	the	chase.
Jackie	 sprinted	 through	 the	 diner	 as	 quickly	 as	 a	 person	 can	 sprint	 after	 a	 stranger
through	a	diner,	which	was	not	quickly	at	all.	The	blond	man	burst	out	the	front	door	and
Jackie	was	moments	behind	him.	She	was	younger	and	she	was	faster	and	she	would	catch
him.	Her	feet	slapped	hard	on	the	asphalt,	so	hot	in	the	midday	sun	that	she	could	feel	the
heat	through	the	soles	of	her	shoes.

“I’ve	got	you,”	she	shouted,	before	she	had	him.
“Troy!”	Diane	shouted,	running	from	her	car.	“Troy,	I	need	to	talk	to	you.”
The	blond	man	broke	right,	toward	the	road	and	the	abandoned	gas	station	across	the
street.
Diane	 and	 Jackie	 both	 turned	 to	 follow,	 and	 collided	 with	 each	 other.	 Subsequently
they	both	collided	with	the	ground.
“Goddammit!”	Jackie	shouted	into	the	blacktop,	a	long	red	scratch	on	her	face.	Diane
had	the	makings	of	a	bruise	on	her	thigh	but	didn’t	know	it	yet.	They	both	looked	toward
the	gas	station,	but	the	man	was	gone.
“Goddammit!”	Jackie	repeated	with	her	mouth.	“Goddammit!”	she	repeated	over	and
over	with	her	palm	onto	the	asphalt.
Diane	glared	at	her,	rubbing	her	leg.
“Why	were	you	chasing	Troy?”	she	asked.
Jackie	glared	at	her.	Diane	Crayton,	John	had	said.	Diane	was	involved,	and	didn’t	this
prove	it?
“Why	was	I	chasing	him?	Why	do	you	have	that	paper?”
Diane	 didn’t	 understand	 what	 that	 question	 had	 to	 do	 with	 anything	 that	 had	 just
happened.	Jackie	looked	back	at	the	gas	station.
“I	almost	had	him,	Diane.	That	weird	dude.”
“You	almost	had	him?	What	did	‘that	weird	dude’	do	to	you,	Jackie?”
Jackie	 tried	 to	 come	 up	 with	 an	 explanation	 as	 to	 why	 her	 actions	 made	 sense.	 Her
head	hurt.	“He	just	stares	and	smiles.	What’s	his	deal?	I	mean	…”
“Maybe	 you’re	 too	 young	 to	 understand	 this,	 but	 you	 don’t	 just	 run	 after	 people
because	you	want	to	know	what	their	deal	is.”
Diane	had	slipped	into	didactic	mom	voice	without	meaning	to,	and	they	both	heard	it.
“Ah,	so	the	mature	approach	is	to	body-tackle	people	in	parking	lots.	Awesome.	I’m
sure	when	I’m	as	old	as	you	I’ll	remember	that.”
Diane	 sighed	 and	 stood	 up,	 seeing	 if	 her	 body	 could	 still	 do	 that.	 She	 looked	 the
teenager	up	and	down.
“If	you	want	to	be	treated	as	an	adult,	Jackie,	you	have	to	act	like	it.”
In	her	head,	Jackie	heard	the	voice	of	her	ex-friend	Noelle	Connolly,	brimming	with
parental	condescension:	Oh,	Jackie,	did	you	ever	think	of	just	turning	twenty?
“Screw	you,”	she	said.
“Oh,	good.	That’s	good.”
Diane	turned	and	walked	back	to	her	car.	Jackie	walked	after	her.

“Hey,	 where	 do	 you	 think	 you’re	 going?	 How	 do	 you	 know	 that	 guy?	 How	 did	 you
know	his	name	was	Troy?	Like,	seriously,	what’s	his	deal?”
Diane	collected	herself	and	spoke	with	only	a	mild	tremble.
“This	is	none	of	your	business.	Troy	is	someone	from	my	past,	and	I’m	trying	to	talk
to	 him	 so	 that	 things	 will	 be	 right	 with	 my	 son.	 My	 son,	 who	 is	 the	 only	 child	 I	 am
interested	in	raising	right	now.	You’ll	have	to	find	someone	else	to	do	that	for	you.”
She	 slammed	 herself	 into	 her	 car.	 Jackie	 made	 a	 gesture	 through	 the	 window	 that
succinctly	responded	to	many	of	the	points	made.	Diane	shrugged	and	reversed	the	car	out
of	the	spot.
“I’m	finding	out	who	that	guy	is	and	what	you	have	to	do	with	him,”	Jackie	shouted
after	her.	“I’m	getting	to	the	goddamn	bottom	of	this.	You	just	stay	out	of	my	way	while	I
do.”
Diane	responded	with	acceleration.	Jackie	threw	the	paper	after	her.
“Screw	you,”	Jackie	said.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	said,	back	in	her	hand.
“She	has	no	idea	what	she’s	talking	about,”	Diane	and	Jackie	said	simultaneously	and
separately,	but	about	this	they	both	had	their	doubts.

23

Sitting	in	her	car,	which	sat	in	front	of	her	house,	which	was	not	thinking	anything	at	the
time,	Diane	took	out	her	phone	and	the	paper	that	Evan	had	written	on.
Diane	did	not	remember	much	from	her	meeting	with	Evan	at	the	diner.	But	she	did
remember	he	had	texted	her.	She	had	also	taken	photos	of	him.	She	had	also	asked	him	to
write	down	his	name.
She	remembered	Jackie	chasing	after	Troy.	Diane,	thinking	of	this	moment,	rubbed	the
burn	marks	on	her	left	forearm.	Why	was	Jackie	looking	for	Troy?	There	was	a	great	pit	of
the	unknown	under	the	rickety	bridge	of	her	and	Josh’s	relationship,	and	every	time	she
looked	down	the	pit	was	deeper	than	before.	She	felt	annoyed	with	Jackie	but	furious	with
Troy.	 Another	 young	 person	 caught	 in	 the	 wake	 he	 was	 creating	 as	 he	 moved	 lightly
through	his	careless,	carefree	life.
She	looked	at	the	piece	of	paper.	It	said	“KING	CITY,”	and	on	the	back	it	had	Evan’s
name.	His	name	was	not	Evan.	She	looked	at	the	name	on	the	page	and	said	it	aloud.	She
said	it	again,	and	then	put	the	paper	down.
“Evan	 McIntyre,”	 she	 said	 aloud,	 and	 shrugged.	 “That’s	 just	 what	 it’s	 going	 to	 be
then.”
Diane	opened	her	photos	and	looked	at	one	of	the	pictures	she’d	taken	of	Evan	at	the
diner.	He	was	wearing	a	tan	jacket.	She	stared	at	the	picture,	then	closed	her	eyes,	hoping
to	burn	the	image	into	her	mind,	or	onto	the	backs	of	her	retinas,	or	into	the	mystic	cloud
of	the	collective	unconscious,	whatever	it	is	that	makes	us	remember	images.	She	was	no
scientist.
She	muttered	his	name	with	her	eyes	shut,	trying	to	hold	on	to	the	image	of	him.	His
eyes,	nose,	mouth,	hairline.	Nothing.	She	looked	back	at	the	photo.	She	took	in	his	lips,
and	 thought	 about	 the	 many	 adjectives	 that	 could	 be	 used	 to	 describe	 them.	 Then	 she
looked	at	his	nose,	and	took	in	the	adjectives	that	could	be	used	to	describe	it.
Upon	 staring	 at	 the	 nose,	 she	 forgot	 those	 adjectives	 she	 thought	 about	 the	 lips.	 She
looked	back	at	the	lips	and	forgot	the	nose.	She	never	even	got	to	the	ears.
Diane	searched	her	text	history	and	tried	texting	Evan	back.	Another	way	to	remember
someone	 is	 to	 create	 more	 memories	 with	 that	 person.	 The	 more	 there	 is	 to	 forget,	 the
longer	forgetting	takes.
She	typed:	“Hey,	good	talking	to	you	the	other	night.	Let’s	do	it	again.”
It	sounded	like	a	date.	She	deleted	the	text	without	sending.

A	horsefly	sitting	on	the	right	rear	headrest	flew	to	the	left	rear	headrest.
Diane	saw	it	do	this.
She	 wrote	 a	 different	 text:	 “Evan,	 I	 can’t	 remember	 what	 we	 talked	 about.	 Can	 you
come	back?”
She	hit	send.
Her	thumb	seized	up	in	a	sharp	moment	of	pain.	She	didn’t	cry	out,	just	winced.	Her
text	 remained	 unsent.	 She	 tried	 again.	 Another	 sharp	 pain,	 almost	 to	 the	 bone.	 A	 small
bead	of	blood	ballooned	on	the	middle	of	her	right	thumb.
This	is	a	common	feature	on	smart	phones.	If	a	person	is	unreachable	by	text	or	if	the
underground	government	agencies	that	control	the	phone	companies	don’t	want	a	person
to	be	reachable,	the	phone	is	allowed	to	cause	mild	physical	harm.	She	put	the	thumb	to
her	mouth	to	clean	it	off.
The	 day	 before,	 the	 phone	 had	 caught	 fire	 while	 she	 tried	 to	 call	 him.	 She	 smelled
burnt	hair	most	of	the	morning,	and	had	to	stop	by	the	drugstore	to	get	calamine	lotion	for
the	top	of	her	ear	and	then	stop	by	a	garden	nursery	and	place	the	side	of	her	head	onto
aerated	 topsoil	 for	 fifteen	 minutes,	 per	 her	 doctor’s	 orders.	 She	 didn’t	 know	 why	 the
doctor	 would	 tell	 her	 to	 do	 that,	 but	 no	 one	 knows	 why	 doctors	 do	 anything	 they	 do.
Doctors	are	mysterious	creatures.
Diane	looked	at	the	horsefly	on	the	left	rear	headrest	through	the	rearview	mirror.	She
stared	 at	 the	 fly.	 She	 could	 feel	 the	 fly	 staring	 back.	 It	 shuffled	 its	 half	 dozen	 legs.	 It
moved	a	little	left,	a	little	right.	It	stood	tiny	and	alone	in	the	middle	of	what	was,	to	it,	a
vast	cloth	field.	There	was	no	place	to	hide.
“I	see	you,”	she	said.
“It’s	not	what	you	think,”	the	horsefly	said.
“What	do	I	think?”
“You	think	I’m	spying.”
“Yes,	I	do.	And	what	is	it	you	are	doing	instead,	Josh?”
He	flew	to	the	front	of	the	car	and	landed	on	the	dashboard.
“I	wanted	to	hop	a	ride	with	you.”
“I’m	going	to	work.”
“Then	I’ll	just	fly.”
“You	will	do	no	such	thing.	You	walk	or	ride.	You	are	not	to	fly	outside	until	you	are
eighteen.	It’s	dangerous.”
The	horsefly	moped.
“Josh,	you	can’t	hide	in	my	car.	How	am	I	supposed	to	trust	you	if	I	can’t	trust	that	my
private	space	is	private?”

“I	didn’t	think	you’d	see	me.”
“That’s	the	trust	thing	I’m	talking	about.”
“I’m	sorry.”
Despite	 the	 fact	 that	 horseflies	 are	 incapable	 of	 dropping	 their	 heads	 in	 a	 gesture	 of
penitence	and	submission,	and	despite	the	fact	that,	even	if	they	could	do	this,	it	would	be
so	subtle	as	to	be	unnoticeable	by	human	eyes,	she	heard	this	action	in	Josh’s	voice.	She
didn’t	need	to	see	her	son	in	human	form	to	understand	his	physical	language.	Even	when
Josh	 took	 the	 form	 of	 a	 sentient	 patch	 of	 haze	 (he	 rarely	 did,	 only	 once	 or	 twice	 after
watching	a	scary	movie,	when	he	had	felt	that,	if	he	had	no	physical	form,	no	monsters	or
ghosts	 could	 get	 him),	 she	 could	 still	 tell	 when	 he	 was	 rolling	 his	 eyes	 or	 slumping	 or
smirking	or	not	paying	attention.
“I	can	always	see	you,	Josh.	I’m	your	mom.	You	could	be	anything,	and	I	would	know
it	was	you.”
Josh	 didn’t	 say	 anything.	 He	 vigorously	 rubbed	 his	 legs	 together	 because	 that	 was
something	he	had	seen	flies	do,	but	he	didn’t	know	why	they	did	that.
“Why	did	you	want	to	ride	downtown	with	me?”
“Just	to	hang	out.	Maybe	go	to	the	video	store	or	something.”
“First,	you	don’t	get	to	skip	school.	You	understand	me?”
“Yes.”
“Second,	you	don’t	get	to	hide	from	me.	That	is	deceitful,	Josh.”
“Okay.	Okay.”
“And	third.”	She	hesitated.	“You	were	going	to	dig	up	records	on	your	dad,	right?”
Josh	didn’t	respond.
“I	don’t	want	you	doing	that.	He’s	your	father,	yes,	but	I	don’t	trust	him.”
“You	did	at	one	point.”
“I	raised	you	for	fifteen	years.	I	fed	you	and	clothed	you.	I	loved	you	and	still	do.	I
love	you	because	you	have	been	with	me	for	fifteen	years.	I	am	your	mother	because	we
have	been	together	your	whole	childhood.	I	have	earned	you	as	my	son.
“Troy	does	not	get	to	be	your	father	simply	because	he	participated	in	your	creation.
Troy	does	not	get	to	earn	your	love	as	a	son	because	you	are	biologically	his.	I	have	done
the	work.	I	have	put	in	the	time.	I	have	loved	you.	Troy	does	not	get	to	be	my	equal	in
your	life	because	he	has	not	earned	it.	I	need	to	protect	myself.	And	I	need	to	protect	you.
“So	promise	me	you	will	leave	this	all	alone.	And	I	will	promise	you	that	I	will	find
out	more	about	him,	and,	when	the	time	is	right,	I	will	tell	you.”
“Okay,”	the	horsefly	said.	He	didn’t	sound	like	he	thought	it	was	okay.
“Get	moving,	so	you	don’t	miss	your	bus.	No	more	of	this,	okay?”

Diane	pressed	her	finger	to	the	automatic	window	button	for	the	front	passenger	side.
With	 a	 robotic	 whir,	 the	 window	 cracked	 open.	 The	 horsefly	 flew	 up	 and	 out	 in	 a	 loose
spiral.
“I	love	you,”	she	called	out.	“No	flying.”
“Okay,”	came	back	the	soft	buzz	from	the	human	boy	with	the	horsefly	face.
Later	she	would	go	over	this	conversation	again	and	again	in	her	head,	one	of	the	last
they	would	have	before	he	disappeared.

24

Jackie	hit	the	steering	wheel	of	her	car,	which	did	not	hurt	the	car	at	all.	Sometimes	it	is
easy	to	forget	which	things	in	the	world	can	feel	pain	and	which	cannot.
What	 did	 Diane	 know	 about	 this?	 What	 was	 her	 connection?	 Could	 she	 be	 the
mastermind	 behind	 the	 blond	 man	 and	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket	 holding	 a	 deerskin
suitcase	and	maybe	even	Jackie’s	mother’s	strange	behavior?
John	Peters	certainly	seemed	to	think	she	was	involved.	And	why	not	Diane?	Wasn’t
Night	 Vale	 a	 town	 full	 of	 hidden	 evils	 and	 the	 secretly	 malevolent?	 That	 was	 what	 the
Tourism	Board’s	new	brochures	said	right	on	the	front	(“A	town	full	of	hidden	evils	and
the	secretly	malevolent”)	along	with	a	picture	of	a	diverse	group	of	townsfolk	smiling	and
looking	 up	 at	 the	 camera	 in	 the	 windowless	 prison	 they	 would	 be	 kept	 in	 until	 enough
tourists	visited	town	to	buy	their	release.
If	 it	 was	 possible	 that	 Diane	 was	 behind	 any	 of	 this,	 then	 Jackie	 needed	 to	 talk	 to
someone	who	knew	her.	Sure,	she	seemed	nice,	but	lots	of	people	and	things	seem	nice	yet
are	terrible	underneath:	like	poisonous	berries,	rabid	squirrels,	or	a	smiling	god.	(Is	that	a
smile?)
This	was	how	it	was	that	Jackie	ended	up	at	the	Night	Vale	Elementary	Multipurpose
Room,	which	was,	among	its	multiple	purposes,	the	headquarters	of	the	Night	Vale	PTA.
Diane	had	been	the	treasurer	since	back	when	her	son	was	a	student	at	the	school,	and	had
kept	 it	 up	 even	 as	 he	 had	 gone	 on	 to	 high	 school	 and	 puberty	 (and	 the	 myriad	 physical
forms	it	had	brought	him).	Josh	was	just	a	few	years	younger	than	Jackie,	and	she	liked
him	well	enough.	Some	of	his	shapes	were	a	little	scary,	especially	the	dream	forms,	but	in
general	he	was	a	good	kid.	Jackie	had	always	hoped	that	things	would	turn	out	well	for
him,	 in	 the	 vague	 way	 one	 feels	 goodwill	 toward	 semi-strangers.	 May	 his	 life	 turn	 out
better	than	hers	had.
The	 multipurpose	 room	 was	 a	 cluttered	 space	 befitting	 its	 many	 uses.	 There	 was	 a
small	stage	where	school	plays	could	be	put	on.	There	were	stacks	of	folding	chairs	for
PTA	meetings	and	the	various	support	organizations	(Alcohol,	Narcotics,	Immortality)	that
used	 the	 room	 after	 school.	 There	 was	 a	 full	 bloodstone	 circle	 for	 bloodstone
demonstration	and	worship,	and	a	child-size	bloodstone	circle	so	that	the	students	could
try	out	the	rites	on	their	own.	There	was	also	a	popcorn	machine,	but	no	one	was	allowed
to	touch	it.	No	one	was	quite	sure	why	touching	it	was	disallowed,	but	warnings	like	that
are	worth	heeding	in	Night	Vale,	and	so	it	had	been	left	alone	for	decades,	in	its	supremely
inconvenient	place	in	the	center	of	the	room.

“Diane?”	Jackie	said,	hoping	she	wouldn’t	be	there.	The	best	person	to	run	into	would
be	Susan	Willman,	who	was	known	to	be	chatty	and	who	was	not	on	friendly	terms	with
Diane.	Susan	would	be	thrilled	to	pass	on	any	gossip	she	had	about	Diane.	She	also,	Jackie
knew,	would	be	only	too	happy	to	make	up	gossip	about	Diane,	so	perhaps	she	wouldn’t
be	the	best	option	after	all.	Jackie	would	have	been	fine	with	an	empty	room,	so	she	could
root	around	in	PTA	records	and	check	for	files	or	notes	from	Diane	that	might	give	her	any
new	information.	Her	worst-case	scenario	was:
“Oh,	hi,	Jackie!”	Steve	Carlsberg	said.	“Diane’s	not	around.	I’m	just	tidying	up	for	a
meeting	in	here.”
He	 gestured,	 and	 in	 gesturing	 knocked	 a	 cardboard	 box	 of	 files	 off	 a	 table,	 spilling
them	all	over	the	floor.
“Whoopsie-daisy!	Let	me	just	pick	those	up.	Now	what	can	I	help	you	with?”
Jackie	sighed.	Steve	was	fine.	He	was	a	nice	man.	But	he	was	so	…	he	was	just	…
well,	he	was	Steve	Carlsberg.	There’s	always	that	guy.	And	Steve	was	him.
“Hi,	Steve,”	she	said,	and	helped	him	pick	up	the	files.	As	she	did,	her	paper	did	its
mystical	yo-yoing	bit,	which	she	had	ceased	to	even	notice.	Steve	gasped.
“Woooow.	 So	 you	 got	 one	 of	 those	 papers?	 Luu-uu-uuucky.”	 He	 whistled,	 hands	 on
his	hips.
“Lucky?”	 she	 said.	 “I	 can’t	 work,	 I’ve	 been	 seeing	 visions,	 and	 some	 creepy	 blond
dude	is	following	me	around	town.	Plus,	some	days	I	feel	like	I	can’t	walk,	can’t	hardly
breathe.	Yeah,	so	this	paper	is	superlucky.”
Steve	 nodded.	 “That	 sounds	 like	 a	 blast.	 Nothing	 strange	 ever	 enters	 into	 my	 life,
turning	it	upside	down	and	forcing	me	to	go	on	a	journey	of	discovery	in	order	to	right
things	again.	Not	that	I	mind,	of	course.	The	PTA	is	rewarding	in	its	own	way,	and	it’s	nice
to	get	involved	with	what	Janice	is	up	to.”
Janice	 was	 Steve’s	 stepdaughter.	 Her	 mother	 was	 the	 sister	 of	 Cecil,	 the	 local	 radio
host.	Steve	and	Cecil	did	not	get	along	at	all.	It	was	something	of	a	local	joke,	although
Jackie	guessed	it	was	less	funny	if	it	was	your	family	that	had	that	kind	of	feud	in	it.	She’d
always	felt	bad	for	Janice,	but	Janice	wasn’t	the	type	of	kid	who	let	you	feel	bad	for	her.
“So	you	know	about	these	papers?”	Jackie	said.
“KING	CITY,”	the	proffered	paper	said.
“Oh	boy,	yes,”	Steve	said.	“Lots	of	folks	have	been	getting	those.	Some	fellow	with	a
tan	 jacket,	 oh,	 what’s	 his	 name?	 I	 forget.	 I	 keep	 forgetting	 a	 lot	 about	 him.	 He’s	 been
handing	them	out.	I	saw	some	folks	at	the	bowling	alley	the	other	night.	A	whole	team	on
lane	 nineteen	 just	 sitting	 there	 crying	 and	 clutching	 their	 left	 fists.	 I	 saw	 some	 of	 the
stockers	at	the	Ralphs	standing	in	front	of	empty	shelves,	staring	to	the	sky,	small	slips	of
paper	 hanging	 from	 their	 slack	 fingers.	 Every	 now	 and	 then	 I’d	 see	 someone	 shake	 the
paper	away,	and	it	would	spiral	toward	the	linoleum	floor,	only	to	flutter	back	up	into	their
hands,	and	collectively	they	would	moan.

“Once	 you	 get	 one,	 you	 can’t	 let	 go	 of	 it.	 Suppose	 that	 guy	 handing	 them	 out	 has	 a
reason,	but	it	might	just	be	a	hobby.	I’ve	been	thinking	of	taking	up	beekeeping,	but,	you
know,	bees	need	a	lot	of	space	to	run	around	and	they’re	expensive	unless	you	keep	them
on	a	farm,	and	then	what’s	the	point	of	having	a	pet	you	can’t	keep	in	your	apartment?”
This	was	how	it	was	what	with	Steve.	The	important	bit	buried	in	a	lot	of	meandering
digression.
“A	man	in	a	tan	jacket?”
“Sure.	Holding	a	deerskin	suitcase.	Don’t	remember	much	more	about	him	than	that.	I
took	a	picture	of	him.	I	think	I	have	it	around	here	somewhere.”
He	stuck	the	upper	half	of	his	body	into	a	shelf	and	started	shuffling	papers	around.	As
he	searched,	several	other	stacks	of	paper	fell	on	the	floor,	and	he	came	back	up,	sweating
a	bit	from	the	exertion.
Jackie	felt	repulsed	by	Steve.	She	had	no	idea	why.	He	had	never	been	anything	other
than	 kind	 to	 her,	 kind	 to	 everybody.	 As	 the	 old	 saying	 went:	 “Not	 all	 windowless	 vans
have	residential	surveillance	equipment.”	In	other	words,	not	everything	can	be	as	good	as
it	seems.
“Well,	isn’t	that	funny?	I	just	can’t	seem	to	keep	it	in	my	mind	where	that	photo	is,”
Steve	said.	“It’s	the	darndest	th——Whoa!”
He	waved	his	arms	at	her.	She	held	her	hands	up,	fingers	splayed.	The	paper	dropped,
and	dropped	again,	and	dropped	again.
“You	were	almost	leaning	on	the	popcorn	machine	there,”	Steve	said.	“Don’t	want	to
do	that.”
“It’s	not	even	hot,	man,”	Jackie	said,	about	to	touch	the	machine	to	demonstrate.
“No,	don’t!”	His	voice	cracked.
She	sighed	at	the	oppression	of	conventional	wisdom	but	dropped	her	hand.
“So	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket	has	been	giving	the	paper	to	lots	of	people?”
“Not	 sure	 how	 many,	 but	 certainly	 a	 good	 amount.	 Old	 Woman	 Josie	 has	 one,	 but	 I
suppose	you	know	that.	I	hear	even	Stacy	got	one	recently,	and	she’s	a	sentient	patch	of
haze.	Lovely	being.	Once	told	me	the	best	way	to	pickle	grapes.	It	was	a	fun	recipe.	Never
did	try	it.”
“How	well	do	you	know	Diane	Crayton?”	Jackie	pressed.
He	laughed,	although	not	at	a	joke.	He	laughed	because	he	was	happy.	Jackie	winced,
although	she	could	not	say	exactly	what	it	was	that	annoyed	her.
“Great	woman.	Been	working	on	the	PTA	with	her	for	years.	Never	could	get	her	to
come	 around	 on	 invisible	 pie,	 but	 other	 than	 that	 we’ve	 never	 had	 a	 real	 difference	 on
anything.	We’ve	talked	a	lot	lately	because	she	needs	someone	to	talk	through	the	whole
Josh	thing	with.	And	all	that	stuff	with	Troy.”

“Oh?”	Jackie	said.	She	failed	to	make	her	voice	casual	or	patient.	“Who	is	Troy?”
“I	really	shouldn’t	say.”	Steve	frowned.	“Not	my	story	to	tell	and	all	that.	Hey,	so	can	I
see	your	paper?”
“Yeah.”
He	sat	down	across	from	her,	taking	the	paper	from	her	hand.	He	studied	it,	admired	it.
His	face	was	so	full	of	excitement	it	was	difficult	for	him	to	keep	the	words	in	order	as
they	came	barreling	out	of	his	mouth.
“So	 you	 know	 how	 we’re	 always	 being	 watched	 by	 agents	 of	 a	 vague	 yet	 menacing
government	 agency	 right?	 (“Sure.”)	 And	 how	 they’re	 linked	 somehow	 with	 the	 World
Government?	(“Mm.”)	Well.	Sometimes	I	feel	like	I’m	the	only	person	in	Night	Vale	who
thinks	about	this	stuff	but	have	you	thought	about	why	the	World	Government	is	interested
in	us?	Or	why	there	are	always	lights	over	the	Arby’s?	Or	what	those	ghost	cars	are	that
come	roaring	down	Route	800	late	at	night	at	impossible	speeds	and	angles?	I	don’t	know
why	those	questions	don’t	eat	at	other	people.	Cecil	gets	downright	mad	when	I	ask	them.
(“Oh	yeah?”)	No	one	else	sees	them.	But	I	do.	Glowing	arrows	in	the	sky.	Dotted	lines.
The	 entire	 world	 is	 a	 chart	 telling	 you	 how	 to	 understand	 it	 if	 you	 just	 look	 for	 them.
(“Cool.	Sure.”)	Anyway,	so	what	I	think	is	that	the	World	Government	was	so	unwieldy	at
first	that	the	leaders,	green-skinned,	yellow-eyed	creatures	that	do	not	blink	and	refuse	to
ever	 physically	 look	 at	 the	 world	 they	 rule,	 they	 got	 together	 and	 split	 it	 into	 eight
committees.	And	those	committees	were	split	into	six	subgroups	each.	And	each	of	those
subgroups	 had	 three	 chapters.	 It	 was	 all	 done	 to	 keep	 things	 organized,	 but	 in	 this	 way
everyone	lost	sight	of	what	they	were	supposed	to	be	doing.	(“…”	[Jackie	had	given	up
even	 trying	 to	 pretend	 she	 was	 paying	 attention.])	 Instead	 of	 governing	 the	 world,	 the
chapters	 and	 the	 subgroups	 and	 the	 committees	 just	 bickered	 with	 each	 other	 over	 who
was	 in	 charge	 of	 what,	 and	 which	 Red	 Roof	 Inn	 the	 World	 Government	 holiday	 party
would	be	held	in.	And	all	of	their	agents	no	longer	understand	whose	agenda	they	should
be	following,	let	alone	have	even	the	smallest	idea	of	what	that	agenda	would	look	like.
So	these	agents	are	as	vague	as	their	agency,	practicing	their	skills	without	any	direction
but	keeping	whatever	competing	committee	or	chapter	or	whatever	is	in	the	area	out	of	its
way,	even	though	they’ve	lost	track	completely	of	what	they’re	competing	over.	What	is
terrifying,	I	think,	about	the	World	Government	is	not	that	the	world	is	held	under	an	iron
fist,	but	that	the	world	is	sand	scooped	up	in	a	sieve.	The	people	running	it	have	no	more
idea	than	us	why	there	are	lights	in	the	sky	above	the	Arby’s	or	why	there	are	ghost	cars.
Terrifying,	right?	I	think	the	grand	conspiracy	of	our	world	is	just	an	argument	between
idiots.”
Deep	breath.	Both	of	them.	Jackie	had	been	watching	a	leaf	on	a	branch	outside	wave
back	and	forth,	almost	falling	but	not.
“And	this	piece	of	paper.”	Steve	held	up	empty,	pinched	fingers	attempting	emphasis.
He	looked	at	his	paperless	hand.	Jackie	showed	him	the	paper	in	her	own.
“What	about	it?”	Jackie	asked.
“What?	Oh.	I	don’t	know.”	He	shook	his	head.	“I	forget.	There	are	so	many	things	to

know,	so	many	things	to	find	out.	I	lose	track	of	where	I	am	in	the	maze.”
He	used	his	hands	to	indicate	a	maze.	(Think	of	the	common	gesture	for	maze.)
“The	main	thing,”	he	said,	“is	to	just	enjoy	what	you	have.	The	paper	trick	is	cool.	Do
it	again.”
She	did	not.
“But	 definitely	 don’t	 go	 looking	 for	 King	 City,”	 he	 said.	 “People	 like	 to	 think	 that
there	are	places	other	than	Night	Vale	out	there	what	with	all	the	desert,	but	it’s	just	not
true.	You	try	to	go	to	a	place	like	King	City,	you	probably	would	never	come	back.”
Steve	paused.
“I	don’t	think	that	man	has	given	the	paper	to	the	person	who	was	supposed	to	get	it
yet,”	he	said.
“Oh	yeah?”	she	said,	trying	to	encourage	without	seeming	too	eager.
“I	 think	 he’s	 looking	 for	 one	 particular	 person,	 and	 he	 hasn’t	 found	 them.	 It’s	 a
message,	 and	 the	 message	 hasn’t	 been	 received	 yet,	 you	 know?	 I	 wonder	 what	 happens
when	 whoever	 is	 supposed	 to	 get	 that	 message	 finally	 receives	 it.	 Could	 be	 something
very	bad.	Real	bad.”
The	door	opened.	Diane	walked	in.	The	noise	brought	Steve	back	to	himself.
“Hey	 there,”	 he	 said.	 “Your	 friend	 Jackie	 and	 I	 were	 just	 talking	 about	 you.	 Good
things,	of	course.”
Diane	glared	at	the	nineteen-year-old,	who	returned	her	glare	defiantly.
“Not	my	friend,	Steve.	Jackie,	whatever	it	is	that	fascinates	you	about	my	life	and	the
people	in	it,	I	need	you	to	let	go	and	leave	us	alone.”
Jackie	felt	herself	regarded	not	as	a	woman	or	a	human,	but	as	a	teenager.	She	had	a
rush	of	anger	that	felt	embarrassingly	young	but	that	she	couldn’t	suppress.
“I’m	looking	after	my	own	life,	man.	What	I	want	to	know	is	why	you	always	seem	to
end	up	involved.”
“I’m	sorry,	Diane,”	said	Steve.	“I	thought.	I	mean,	I	didn’t	know.”
“It’s	okay,	Steve,”	said	Diane.	“I	know	you	love	a	good	conversation.	Jackie,	what	are
you	doing	here?	Are	you	researching	me?	Following	me?”
“You’d	love	it	if	you	were	that	interesting.”	Jackie	stood	up	so	quickly	that	her	folding
chair	tumbled	backwards	into	the	popcorn	machine.	Steve	and	Diane	winced,	but	nothing
visible	happened,	and	so	they	relaxed.
Jackie	didn’t	like	how	the	situation	was	going,	but	she	also	didn’t	know	how	to	change
the	momentum.	She	came	right	up	to	Diane’s	face,	like	a	child	fighting	on	a	playground,
or	like	a	larger,	older	child	fighting	in	a	bar.	Jackie	felt	unsure	and	silly	and	young,	and	she
channeled	the	discomfort	of	that	feeling	into	anger	and	projected	that	feeling	onto	Diane.

“I	already	have	one	sullen	teenager	in	my	life.	Go	home,	Jackie.”
Jackie	felt	stupid	(Oh,	Jackie,	did	you	ever	think	of	just	turning	twenty?),	and	so	she
yelled:	“Do	you	have	to	show	up	everywhere	I	am	all	the	time?”
“This	is	the	PTA	room.	I	am	on	the	PTA.”
“Whatever.	I’m	out	of	here,”	Jackie	said,	and	then	pointed	at	Steve.	“Steve,	we’ll	talk
more	about	King	City	later.	Tell	Janice	I	said	hi.”
“Okie	doke.	It	sure	was	nice	to	chat.”	And	he	meant	it,	which	was	the	worst	part	about
Steve	Carlsberg.
Jackie	 stormed	 out	 of	 the	 door,	 not	 wanting	 to	 leave	 this	 way	 and	 hating	 herself	 for
doing	it.
Diane	stared	at	Steve	with	new	curiosity,	wondering	if	this	was	the	first	time	she	had
ever	actually	wanted	to	know	something	that	Steve	could	tell	her.
“Steve.	What	do	you	know	about	King	City?”

25

There	was	a	Troy	who	swept	up	at	the	movie	theater.
There	was	a	Troy	who	never	left	his	home.
There	was	a	Troy	who	was	a	therapist.
There	 were	 so	 many	 Troys,	 and	 Jackie	 tracked	 them	 all.	 She	 had	 a	 notebook	 and	 a
camera,	 and	 soon	 she	 had	 a	 record	 of	 every	 Troy	 in	 town.	 She	 kept	 a	 lot	 of	 notes,	 not
because	 she	 was	 good	 at	 investigating,	 but	 because	 it	 gave	 her	 something	 to	 do,	 and
helped	 keep	 her	 from	 drifting	 off	 into	 confusion	 and	 despair	 over	 the	 terrifying
implications	of	Troy’s	multiplicity.
If	she	stopped	note-taking	long	enough	to	think,	she	would	grow	dizzy	in	a	spiral	of
questions:	Do	they	know	each	other?	Are	they	the	same	age?	Were	they	all	born,	or	were
they	just	there	one	day?	When	she	found	herself	thinking	for	too	long,	she	would	make
another	note,	maybe	about	how	humid	it	was	(“neck	feels	sticky,	even	in	the	shade”)	or
what	color	the	clouds	were	(“green	with	purple	stripes—looks	like	rain”).
Today	 Jackie	 was	 following	 the	 Troy	 who	 was	 a	 loan	 manager	 at	 the	 Last	 Bank	 of
Night	Vale	(“We	put	our	customers	second,	and	our	apocalyptic	prophecies	first!”).	This
Troy	had	very	regular	hours,	not	just	at	his	work	but	in	his	life	outside	of	work,	and	so	he
was	especially	easy	to	tail.
It	was	the	third	hour	of	work	for	him,	and	he	would	be	going	to	lunch	soon.	Lunch	was
usually	a	salad	or	something	light,	except	for	the	one	day	a	week	he	went	to	Big	Rico’s
Pizza.	She	watched	him	through	the	window,	humming	and	smiling	at	customers.
There	was	a	Troy	who	drove	a	cherry	red	Vespa	while	wearing	a	light	blue	helmet.
There	was	a	Troy	who	drove	a	1997	Plymouth	minivan.
There	was	a	Troy	who	drove	a	taxi.
Do	 some	 of	 them	 live	 together?	 Are	 they	 working	 on	 a	 single	 plan?	 Were	 they
artificially	created	by	the	government?
Too	much	thinking,	she	was	feeling	nauseous.	She	wrote	a	note	about	the	lunchtime
crowd	in	the	street	(“it’s	lunchtime.	there’s	a	crowd	in	the	street.”).
Troy	was	eating	at	his	desk	today.	Salad.	He	did	nothing	unusual	with	the	salad.	He	ate
it.	 She	 watched	 him	 eat	 it	 from	 her	 car.	 No	 one	 cared	 about	 a	 woman	 staring	 through
binoculars	 from	 a	 parked	 car.	 It	 was	 a	 common	 sight.	 There	 were	 three	 other	 cars	 with
binoculared,	 watching	 women	 just	 on	 that	 block,	 and	 that	 was	 light	 by	 Night	 Vale

standards.
She	hadn’t	been	able	to	get	Troy	to	stop	and	talk	to	her.	They	always	avoided	her,	most
not	with	the	same	sprinting	desperation	as	the	Troy	who	worked	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite,
but	 with	 the	 same	 result.	 Not	 a	 single	 Troy	 would	 get	 close	 enough	 for	 her	 to	 ask
questions.	She	had	even	tried	making	an	appointment	with	the	therapist	Troy,	but	when	the
time	had	come	a	short,	balding	man	in	a	vest	had	been	sitting	across	from	her	instead.
“I’m	afraid	there’s	been	an	illness	going	around,”	he	said.	“He’s	asked	me	to	cover	his
clients	for	a	bit.	Now	tell	me,	what	do	you	remember,	specifically,	about	your	childhood?”
She	had	gotten	up	and	walked	out	without	saying	a	word.	She	would	stay	focused.	No
matter	 what	 Diane	 had	 said,	 she	 was	 old	 enough	 to	 concentrate	 and	 do	 this.	 It	 was
probably	better	that	she	was	young.	Her	body	was	stronger	and	faster,	her	mind	was	more
open.	Youth	was	better	than	age.	It	was	good	that	she	had	been	young	for	so	long.
The	 next	 day	 the	 Troy	 therapist	 had	 been	 back	 at	 work,	 no	 sign	 of	 an	 illness.	 But
Jackie	knew	that,	if	she	burst	into	the	building,	the	balding	man	would	be	back,	asking	her
about	her	childhood.
There	 was	 a	 Troy	 who	 lived	 in	 an	 apartment	 building	 near	 the	 community	 radio
station.
There	 was	 a	 Troy	 who	 lived	 in	 the	 housing	 development	 of	 Coyote	 Corners	 and
collected	windowsill	cacti.
There	 was	 a	 Troy	 who	 simply	 vanished	 for	 long	 periods	 of	 time,	 and	 so	 she	 wasn’t
sure	where	he	lived.	That	was	the	Troy	who	did	lawn	care	and	gardening.
She	made	notes	and	intentionally	breathed.	Troy	ate	his	salad.
“Eating	salad,”	her	notes	said.	“Still	eating	it.”
One	of	the	notes	was	a	doodle	of	a	cat.	She	didn’t	know	how	to	be	an	investigator.	All
she	had	ever	known	how	to	do	was	run	a	pawnshop.	She	looked	up,	and	stopped	writing	in
her	journal.
Troy	 wasn’t	 eating	 salad	 anymore.	 He	 was	 talking	 to	 someone.	 Or	 he	 was	 turning
away	and	shaking	his	head	while	someone	was	trying	to	talk	to	him.	She	couldn’t	see	who
it	was.	Troy	got	up,	tossed	the	rest	of	his	salad	in	the	trash,	and	walked	quickly	out	of	the
bank,	still	shaking	his	head.	Jackie	got	out	of	her	car	to	follow,	but	stopped	when	she	saw
Diane	 approaching	 Troy	 on	 the	 sidewalk.	 Of	 course	 Diane	 was	 here.	 Who	 else	 could	 it
have	been?
She	watched	Diane	follow	Troy	until	they	turned	a	corner	and	were	gone.	She	threw
down	her	notebook	and	swore.	A	man	in	a	suit	seated	on	a	folding	chair	next	to	her	car
and	making	notes	on	her	every	action	winced.
“Relax,	man,”	she	said,	and	then	cursed	again,	deliberately,	louder	than	before.
There	was	a	Troy	who	knew	what	all	this	was	about.
There	 was	 a	 Troy	 whose	 actions	 had	 somehow	 led	 to	 the	 end	 of	 the	 routine	 that

sustained	her.
There	 was	 a	 Troy	 watching	 her,	 and	 now	 she	 would	 watch	 him	 until	 he	 slipped	 up,
until	some	part	of	the	mystery	was	revealed	to	her,	until	she	understood.
When	 she	 came	 the	 next	 day	 to	 watch	 the	 Troy	 who	 worked	 at	 the	 bank,	 he	 wasn’t
there.	She	went	in	and	asked.	The	woman	at	the	teller’s	desk	stopped	chanting,	“And	thus
the	world	falls,”	from	a	book	bound	in	strange	leather	long	enough	to	tell	her	that	he	had
resigned	last	night	without	giving	a	reason.	But	Jackie	knew	the	reason.	Another	lead	lost
to	Diane.
There	was	a	Troy.	There	was	a	bunch	of	them.	And	one	of	them	would	answer	to	her
eventually.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 …	 I	 couldn’t	 taste	 anything	 at	 all	 for	 weeks	 afterwards.	 No	 one	 does	 a	 dinner
party	like	Earl	Harlan.
Folks,	I’m	pretty	excited	about	this	next	bit	of	news.	The	staff	of	local	advocacy	group
Citizens	for	a	Blood	Space	War	have	put	together	Night	Vale’s	first	ever	flea	market.	This
Friday	 at	 the	 Rec	 Center,	 craftspeople,	 artisans,	 antique	 trainers	 and	 breeders,	 and	 cold
patches	of	air	indicating	the	likely	presence	of	a	ghost	will	bring	their	wares	to	town.
The	Last	Bank	of	Night	Vale	will	be	the	title	sponsor	of	the	flea	market.	There	will	be
plenty	of	free	parking	and	helicopters	monitoring	all	shoppers	from	above.	The	Last	Bank
Flea	Market	will	also	bring	in	food	from	some	of	Night	Vale’s	most	popular	eateries,	like
Big	 Rico’s	 Pizza,	 Pieces	 o’	 Glass,	 Shame,	 Tourniquet,	 and	 Pinkberry.	 Admission	 is	 five
dollars	and	supports	our	local	charity	Citizens	for	a	Blood	Space	War.
The	Last	Bank	of	Night	Vale	will	also	be	offering	no-fee	checking	accounts	to	those
looking	to	follow	local	laws,	which	were	recently	changed	to	require	every	single	person
to	have	a	checking	account	at	the	Last	Bank	of	Night	Vale.	You	can	bank	wherever	you
like,	as	long	as	you	bank	at	the	Last	Bank	of	Night	Vale.
The	 City	 Council	 would	 like	 to	 remind	 all	 citizens	 to	 please	 use	 proper	 methods	 for
organizing	regular	trash	and	recycling.	For	instance,	recycling	must	be	divided	into	paper,
plastic,	feathers,	teeth,	and	glass,	each	in	a	color-coded	bag.	Also,	regular	trash	pickup	is
every	 Tuesday	 and	 Friday	 morning,	 whereas	 recycling	 is	 taken	 from	 your	 home	 at
unannounced	 intervals.	 You	 will	 know	 recycling	 has	 been	 picked	 up	 because	 your
recycling	 bags	 will	 be	 gone	 and	 there	 will	 be	 a	 large,	 reddish	 brown	 smear	 across	 your
front	 door	 roughly	 in	 the	 shape	 of	 an	 X.	 Or	 maybe	 it’s	 a	 cross.	 It’s	 not	 clear	 in	 the
brochure	I’ve	been	handed,	which	has	no	words,	only	dark	black-and-white	photographs
of	angled	shadows	along	brick	walls.	I	mean,	municipal	one-sheets	are	kind	of	useless,	but
this	one	is	at	least	haunting.
And	now	let’s	have	a	look	at	traffic.
There	is	a	man	with	a	gray	pin-striped	suit	and	without	a	job.	He	is	sitting	on	the	hood
of	 his	 nice	 car,	 looking	 at	 other	 cars	 as	 they	 go	 places.	 He	 is	 not	 going	 anywhere.	 He
knows	that	now.
All	this	time	he	had	lived	for	the	future.	The	future	had	been	the	firm	ground	he	stood
on,	 and	 the	 present	 was	 only	 the	 slight	 haze	 in	 the	 air.	 But	 now	 he	 understood	 that	 the
future	was	a	joke	without	a	punch	line	and	that	whatever	he	had	in	the	present	was	what
he	would	have	always.	He	did	not	have	much	in	the	present.	He	had	a	very	nice	car.

He	called	someone.	It	doesn’t	matter	who.	It	was	his	lover.	They	called	each	other	that.
It	was	the	name	they	preferred.	It	didn’t	matter	to	them	what	anyone	else	thought	of	the
word.
“Where	are	you?”	his	lover	said.	“They	said	you	didn’t	come	in.”
“Yeah,”	he	said.
“Are	you	okay?	Are	you	hurt?	When	are	you	coming	home?”
Was	he	hurt?	He	stopped	to	consider	this.	He	didn’t	think	so.	He	examined	his	body.
He	 took	 off	 his	 suit	 and	 his	 silver	 watch,	 laid	 them	 in	 the	 dirt,	 and	 stood	 there	 with	 his
phone,	naked,	looking	at	himself.	No,	he	wasn’t	hurt,	he	thought.	Not	physically.
He	opened	his	mouth	to	answer,	but	looking	up	he	saw	something	in	the	sky.	It	was	a
planet	of	awesome	size,	lit	by	no	sun.	An	invisible	titan,	all	thick	black	forests	and	jagged
mountains	and	deep,	turbulent	oceans.	It	was	so	far	away	that	he	couldn’t	be	sure	he	was
even	seeing	it,	 and	 yet	 it	 felt	 more	 real	 and	 present	 to	 him	 than	 the	 cars	 driving	 on	 the
highway	below	him.
He	hung	up	without	answering,	which	was,	in	its	own	way,	an	answer.	He	looked	up.
He	couldn’t	see	the	planet	anymore.	He	put	his	suit	back	on.	He	picked	up	his	watch.	It
was	covered	in	dirt.	He	got	back	in	his	car	and	drove.
This	has	been	traffic.
And	 now	 a	 word	 from	 our	 sponsors.	 Or	 not	 now,	 but	 later.	 Much	 later.	 You	 won’t
know	it	when	it	happens.	It’ll	be	just	one	of	many	words	you’ll	encounter	that	day.	But	it
will	 come	 leaden	 with	 unseen	 meaning	 and	 consequence,	 and	 it	 will	 slowly	 spread
throughout	 your	 life,	 invisibly	 infecting	 every	 light	 moment	 with	 its	 heaviness.	 Our
sponsors	cannot	be	escaped.	You	will	see	their	word.	And	you	will	never	know.

26

When	the	phone	rang,	Diane	flushed.
That	 morning	 she	 was	 at	 work,	 but	 she	 was	 not	 working.	 She	 was	 looking	 up
information	 about	 King	 City	 on	 her	 computer.	 It	 seemed	 like	 a	 normal	 enough	 place.	 A
highway.	 Some	 restaurants.	 Houses.	 Probably	 filled	 with	 people	 who	 have	 dreams	 and
wishes	and	nightmares	and	crippling	doubt	and	feel	things	similar	to	or	exactly	like	love.
Diane	was	making	broad	assumptions	based	on	the	small	amount	of	data	that	was	her
entire	life.	She	was	lost	in	her	research,	face	close	to	the	screen.
When	 the	 phone	 rang,	 she	 closed	 her	 browser	 and	 opened	 a	 spreadsheet,	 out	 of
instinct.	Her	face	felt	warm	as	she	pressed	her	office	phone	to	her	ear.
“Can	you	come	in	here,	Diane?”
“Sure,	Catharine.”
“Everything	okay?	You	sound	out	of	breath.”
“I’m	fine.”	Diane	remembered	to	exhale.
Catharine’s	door	was	open,	but	Diane	knocked	anyway.	Catharine	turned	around	in	her
desk	chair	and	cut	a	line	through	the	air	with	her	upturned	palm.	“Sit,	please,”	her	hand
said.
Diane	sat.	The	tarantula	was	perched	in	Catharine’s	thick,	wavy	hair.	It	wasn’t	moving
much.	A	slight	stretch	of	a	front	leg	every	so	often.	Catharine,	from	time	to	time,	would
scratch	the	side	of	her	head	with	a	letter	opener.	The	tarantula	would	change	position	by
an	inch	or	so	to	avoid	being	hit.
Catharine	had	felt	her	scalp	itch	all	morning.	She	thought	about	the	qualities	of	various
shampoos,	whether	she	was	using	the	correct	brand.	She	thought	about	the	dry	air	here	in
the	southwest	desert.	She	did	not	think	about	the	tarantula	hanging	from	her	hair,	because
she	 did	 not	 know	 about	 the	 tarantula	 hanging	 from	 her	 hair.	 Had	 she	 known	 at	 all	 that
there	was	a	tarantula	in	her	hair,	Catharine	might	have	behaved	in	a	surprising	and	unsafe
manner.
The	tarantula	had	no	idea	where	it	was	or	what	was	happening.	It	felt	movement	from
time	to	time,	and	it	would,	in	turn,	move	carefully	to	accommodate	for	a	possible	predator
or	a	possible	prey.	The	tarantula	knew	about	hunger	and	gravity.
“Diane,	I’m	troubled	by	something,”	Catharine	said.	“Someone	was	in	my	office	the
other	 night.	 I’m	 not	 accusing	 you	 of	 snooping	 around	 in	 my	 office	 the	 other	 night	 after

work,	but	what	were	you	doing	snooping	around	in	my	office	the	other	night	after	work?”
She	 slapped	 the	 desk	 with	 her	 palm,	 and	 Diane	 jumped.	 The	 tarantula	 did	 not	 react
visibly.
Diane	regularly	lectured	Josh	about	trust,	and	now	she	had	violated	her	boss’s	trust	in
much	 the	 same	 way.	 Just	 be	 honest,	 she	 told	 herself.	 Be	 honest	 and	 accept	 the
consequences.
“I	might	have	looked	in	here,	yes,”	she	said.
“You	might	have	looked	in	here.”
“Yes.”
Catharine	sighed	and	put	her	hands	together.	At	that	moment	the	tarantula	put	its	front
legs	together,	but	the	timing	was	coincidental.
“Why	might	you	have	looked	in	here,	Diane?”
Diane	started	to	talk	about	Evan	McIntyre,	but	Catharine	waved	her	words	away.
“Entering	my	office	without	my	permission	was	inappropriate	behavior.	We	can	agree
on	that,	right?”
Diane	hated	this.	She	hated	being	talked	to	in	the	way	she	talked	to	Josh.	Except	she
was	 right	 when	 she	 talked	 that	 way	 to	 Josh.	 And	 Catharine	 was	 right	 in	 what	 she	 was
saying	now.	But	still	it	was	awful	to	receive.	She	understood	how	Josh	felt	being	talked	to
like	this,	whether	the	reasons	were	good	or	not.
“Yes.	I’m	sorry,	Catharine.”
“We	 can’t	 have	 people	 behaving	 inappropriately.	 The	 office	 is	 not	 a	 place	 for
inappropriate	behavior.	This	is	a	place	for	appropriate	behavior,	right?”
She	was	right,	and	Diane	told	her	so.
“Diane,	 I	 need	 you	 to	 leave	 the	 office.	 You’re	 not	 fired	 or	 anything.	 We	 never	 fire
anyone	 here.	 Let’s	 call	 it	 a	 ‘permanent	 unpaid	 leave’	 while	 I	 consult	 the	 relevant
agencies.”
Diane	 couldn’t	 make	 herself	 believe	 what	 was	 happening,	 even	 as	 she	 completely
understood	it.	Her	life	was	changing,	here	in	front	of	her,	so	casually,	and	in	a	few	simple
words.
“You	know	there	are	relevant	agencies,	yes?”	said	Catharine.
“Yes.”
“There	are	always	relevant	agencies.”
“I’m	sorry.	I	just	got	carried	away.”
“You	can	go	now.”
Catharine	scratched	at	her	hair	again.	The	tarantula	moved	again.

Diane	stood	up,	still	staring	down.
“I’m	sorry,	Catharine.”
“Close	the	door	on	the	way	out.”
Diane	did.	As	the	door	shut,	she	could	see	Catharine	scratching	her	head	vigorously
with	the	letter	opener,	her	teeth	gritting	and	neck	wrinkling	with	tendons	and	veins.	The
tarantula—having	apparently	had	enough—dropped	down	to	the	desk	behind	her.
Diane	 gathered	 up	 her	 belongings	 as	 unnoticeably	 as	 she	 could.	 She	 wanted	 to	 look
like	she	was	just	leaving	for	lunch,	which	in	one	sense	was	all	she	was	doing.	She	just	was
never	going	to	come	back.
It	 wasn’t	 until	 she	 was	 outside	 that	 the	 gulf	 of	 what	 had	 happened	 opened	 up	 inside
her.	She	didn’t	even	like	this	job,	but	she	didn’t	dislike	it.	It	was	a	large	part	of	her	life,
and	now	that	part	of	her	life	was	over.	She	felt	adrift,	but	also,	she	felt	hungry.	The	hunger
was	unrelated,	but	it	became	tied	up	in	all	her	other	feelings.
After	 a	 quick	 stop	 to	 use	 the	 ATM	 at	 the	 Last	 Bank	 of	 Night	 Vale,	 Diane	 walked
toward	the	Missing	Frog	Salad	Bar.	She	wasn’t	sure	if	she	wanted	salad	or	not,	but	they
also	served	richer	fare,	like	bowls	of	capers	and	orangemilk.	She	just	needed	to	clear	her
mind,	and	if	that	meant	eating	something	a	bit	heavier,	so	be	it.
It	took	her	a	moment,	but	she	realized	that	the	man	down	the	block	from	her	was	Troy,
wearing	 a	 dark	 suit.	 He	 had	 a	 shoulder	 bag	 and	 a	 burgundy-and-silver	 tie,	 and	 was
absently	looking	at	his	phone	as	he	came	toward	her.
It	made	her	furious,	her	life	coming	apart	around	her,	let	go	from	a	job	where	she	had
always	been	quiet	and	responsible	and	respected,	and	her	son	at	a	distance	that	had	never
existed	between	them	before,	and	here	was	Troy,	in	yet	another	guise,	walking	down	the
streets	of	her	city	like	he	belonged	here.	Like	he	had	just	as	much	right	to	be	here	as	she
did.
She	walked	faster,	not	sure	what	she	was	going	to	do	next.
Just	 a	 few	 feet	 away,	 Troy	 glanced	 up.	 She	 could	 not	 tell	 if	 he	 saw	 her	 or	 not.	 His
upward	glance	turned	quickly	to	his	watch.	He	stopped,	and,	in	one	complete	gesture,	like
a	short	modern	dance,	he	looked	from	his	watch	to	the	street	signs	while	pivoting	his	body
in	the	opposite	direction,	a	complete	movement	phrase	that	told	the	story	of	a	man	who
was	late	and	accidentally	walking	down	the	wrong	road.
She	 followed	 him,	 thinking	 about	 what	 she	 would	 like	 to	 do	 to	 him,	 and	 also	 about
what	 she	 was	 actually	 going	 to	 do	 to	 him.	 When	 she	 had	 difficulty	 catching	 up	 to	 him
(how	fast	was	he	walking?	She	was	practically	running	now),	she	called	out,	“Troy!”
As	she	said	this,	a	car	revved	nearby,	the	driver	grinding	the	wheels	over	the	concrete,
a	great	screech,	a	tiny	puff	of	smoke,	and	burning	rubber	stench	that	hid	her	shout.
Diane	looked	at	the	car	and	the	dark	black	marks	and	the	thin	white	puffs	of	smoke.
The	driver	was	Jackie	Fierro.	Of	course,	Jackie	would	be	lurking,	always	watching.	Jackie
was	swearing,	and	looking	past	Diane	down	the	street.

When	 Diane	 looked	 back	 to	 where	 Jackie	 was	 looking,	 Troy	 was	 already	 lost	 in	 the
lunch	crowd.
And	it	was	at	that	moment	that	she	knew	there	was	only	one	other	possible	option.	She
needed	information,	and	she	couldn’t	use	the	resources	at	work	anymore	(there	was	that
shame	shuddering	through	her	again).
It	was	time	to	go	to	the	library.	The	library	would	have	records	on	Troy	Walsh.
Diane	 had	 survived	 librarians	 before.	 She	 and	 Josh	 had	 gone	 on	 many	 quests	 to	 the
Night	 Vale	 Public	 Library,	 as	 well	 as	 the	 less	 treacherous,	 but	 still	 life-threatening,
libraries	at	Josh’s	schools.
She	drove	home	and	grabbed	the	things	she	would	need	to	check	out	a	book:	strong
rope	 and	 a	 grappling	 hook,	 a	 compass,	 a	 flare	 gun,	 matches	 and	 a	 can	 of	 hair	 spray,	 a
sharpened	wooden	spear,	and,	of	course,	her	library	card.	She	couldn’t	remember	exactly,
but	she	made	a	silent	prayer	that	she	had	no	outstanding	fines.
She	 put	 on	 all	 blue	 clothing.	 (It	 was	 widely	 known	 that	 librarians	 could	 not	 see	 the
color	blue.	This	was	probably	just	an	urban	legend,	but	Diane	was	willing	to	do	anything
to	put	the	odds	more	in	her	favor.)
On	 her	 bed	 she	 spread	 out	 four	 different	 maps	 of	 the	 library.	 She	 noted	 the
inconsistencies	in	each	map,	trying	to	determine	which	paths	were	truth	and	which	were
certain	death.	All	four	maps	indicated	that	the	European	history	section	was	located	on	the
second	 floor,	 northeast	 corner,	 but	 Diane	 knew	 this	 to	 be	 untrue,	 as	 there	 has	 only	 ever
been	 one	 book	 of	 European	 history	 ever	 written,	 and	 it	 was	 a	 pamphlet	 about	 the	 small
country	 of	 Svitz	 and	 it	 had	 been	 lost	 to	 a	 fire	 during	 last	 year’s	 Book	 Cleansing	 Day
festivities.	The	pamphlet	was	not	meant	to	be	burned,	but	it	had	a	picture	of	a	giraffe	on
the	cover	(the	national	tall	mammal	of	Svitz),	and	the	Book	Cleansers	mistook	the	giraffe
for	a	handgun.	A	giraffe	can	look	a	lot	like	a	lot	of	things	to	someone	wearing	a	hazardous
materials	uniform	and	a	welder’s	mask,	so	the	mistake	was	understandable.
Without	that	book,	there	couldn’t	possibly	be	a	European	history	section	anymore.	She
threw	 the	 maps	 out	 as	 obvious	 forgeries.	 Realizing	 she	 wouldn’t	 know	 what	 to	 do	 with
them	even	if	they	were	needed,	she	tossed	the	pile	of	supplies	and	makeshift	weapons	as
well.
She	 would	 have	 to	 go	 off	 memory	 and	 instinct.	 Mothers	 of	 teenagers	 are	 good	 in
libraries.	 They	 are	 wise	 and	 attentive	 from	 their	 years	 of	 experience,	 and	 they	 are
unrelenting	and	fearless	because	of	their	focus	on	a	good	education	for	their	kids.
Before	getting	in	her	car,	Diane	stopped	by	Josh’s	room.	That	day	he	was	a	desk	lamp.
“Josh,	I	love	you.	I	just	wanted	to	tell	you.”
“What?	Where	is	that	coming	from?”	He	was	a	vase	full	of	sunflowers	now.
“Nothing.	Just	saying	that	I	love	you.”
“I	love	you	too,”	he	said,	his	petals	cocked	to	the	side	in	wary	confusion.

“Everything’ll	be	fine,”	she	added,	not	knowing	at	all	if	everything	would	be	fine.

27

Jackie	 pulled	 the	 supplies	 from	 her	 car.	 The	 parking	 lot	 of	 the	 library	 was	 otherwise
empty,	as	it	usually	was.
The	entrance	to	the	public	library	was	through	an	unassuming	pair	of	glass	doors	that
said	 PUSH.	 Above	 that	 a	 blue	 plastic	 sign	 said	 NIGHT	 VALE	 PUBLIC	 LIBRARY.	 That	 was	 all.
The	dramatics	of	its	reputation	were	not	echoed	in	its	architecture.
She	 took	 a	 breath,	 and	 then	 another.	 Each	 one	 was	 a	 moment	 in	 which	 she	 was	 still
breathing	and	not	inside	the	library.
The	building	itself	was	squat	with	tall	windows	that	looked	onto	an	empty	checkout
area	 and	 a	 tiled	 area	 with	 drinking	 fountains	 and	 a	 bathroom.	 Everything	 was	 quiet	 and
still.	There	was	no	sign	that	anything	had	ever	lived	there.	It	had	the	feeling	of	a	tomb	or	a
shopping	mall	that	had	run	out	of	money	before	the	first	store	opened.
She	pushed	through	the	doors.	Inside	the	air	was	cool	and	dry.	She	listened	carefully.
Nothing.	The	doors	led	to	a	long	entrance	hallway	ending	in	another	pair	of	double	glass
doors.	 Off	 the	 hallway	 were	 various	 reading	 rooms,	 for	 reading,	 and	 community	 rooms,
for	communing,	and	bloodletting	rooms,	for	a	different	kind	of	communing.	Those	were
also	empty	and	quiet.
Jackie	traversed	the	entrance	hall	in	silence.	The	only	sign	of	her	movement	was	her
shadow	through	the	bands	of	sunlight	on	the	floor.
She	passed	a	bulletin	board	advertising	community	events:
PUMPKIN	PICKING	COMPETITION.	THREE	OBJECTS.
DO	YOU	KNOW	WHICH	ONE	IS	A	PUMPKIN??
GARAGE	SALE.	EVERYTHING’S	FREE.	MOSTLY	NOT	DANGEROUS.	SOME	DANGEROUS.	YOU’LL	FIND
OUT	WHICH.
I’M	HIDING	SOMEWHERE.	CAN	YOU	FIND	ME?	NO,	NOT	THERE.	OH	WELL.	YOU’LL	FIND	ME	SOON.	I
PROMISE.

Stuff	like	that,	with	tabs	where	the	phone	numbers	could	be	taken	and	reported	to	local
government	agencies	or	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police.	The	flyers	all	looked	to	be	at	least	ten
years	old.	They	were	brittle	and	warped	and	barely	hanging	off	rusted	thumbtacks.
No	movement	ahead	of	her.	No	movement	behind	her.
She	put	her	hand	on	the	push	bar	of	one	of	the	inner	doors,	but	paused	when	she	heard
footsteps	behind	her.	What	person	would	brave	this	sterile	tomb?	Besides	her,	of	course?

Jackie	turned	and	found	herself	inches	away	from	Diane,	who	was	looking	down	at	her
phone.
“Aah!”	Jackie	shouted.
Diane	looked	up,	her	eyes	wide.
“Aah!”	Diane	shouted	as	well.
Her	fingers	were	scarred,	and	her	phone	had	traces	of	blood	on	it.	She	must	have	tried
to	contact	a	forbidden	number.
“Hello,	Jackie.”
“Did	you	follow	me	here?”
“Of	course	not.”
“Then	why	are	you	everywhere	I	am	at	the	same	time	as	me?”
Diane	 thought	 about	 that.	 It	 was	 a	 fair	 question,	 although	 the	 problem	 with	 fair
questions	is	that	they	are	asked	about	an	unfair	world.
“I	 suspect,”	 Jackie	 said,	 “that	 we	 are	 looking	 for	 the	 same	 sorts	 of	 things	 about	 the
same	 sorts	 of	 people.	 Which	 is	 why	 we	 would	 keep	 crossing	 each	 other’s	 paths.	 Also,
Night	Vale	isn’t	a	very	big	town,	is	it?”
“I	don’t	know.	I’ve	never	thought	about	it.”
They	 both	 thought	 about	 it.	 Then,	 as	 is	 safest	 in	 Night	 Vale,	 they	 stopped	 thinking
about	it.
“All	 right.	 Well,	 cool	 seeing	 you,”	 said	 Jackie,	 hand	 on	 the	 door,	 her	 body	 blocking
Diane’s	entry.
“Jackie,	as	little	as	I	like	spending	time	with	you,	and	I	want	you	to	know	that	even
though	I	am	trying	to	be	the	adult	of	the	two	of	us	here,	because	I	am	the	adult	of	the	two
of	 us,	 I	 do	 not	 like	 spending	 time	 with	 you	 much	 at	 all,	 but	 as	 little	 as	 I	 like	 this,	 the
library	is	a	dangerous	place,	we	both	know	it.	And	since	we	both	apparently	need	to	go
into	it,	we	should	do	the	right	thing	and	go	together.”
Or	 words	 to	 that	 effect.	 Jackie	 had	 lost	 interest	 around	 “I	 am	 the	 adult.”	 No,	 not
interest,	patience.
Jackie	wanted	Diane	to	go	home.	She	did	not	need	another	parent	any	more	than	Diane
needed	another	child.
Diane	 knew	 the	 girl	 needed	 help.	 Diane	 lowered	 her	 face,	 keeping	 eye	 contact	 and
giving	a	slight	grin,	something	that	usually	worked	when	Josh	was	acting	sullen	or	distant.
Jackie	turned	her	head	and	looked	through	the	doors	into	the	empty	checkout	area.	A
fake	velvet	rope	marking	where	the	line	would	go	if	there	were	any	people	alive	in	there,
and	 beyond	 that	 the	 shelves	 of	 dangerous	 books.	 Jackie	 did	 not	 feel	 fear,	 but	 she	 was
aware	of	herself.	She	knew	that	it	wasn’t	healthy,	what	she	was	doing.

“Okay	fine,”	Jackie	said.
“Okay	fine	what?”
“Okay.	You	can	come.”
“So,	just	to	be	clear.	We’re	in	this	together?”
“Yeah,	man.	Fine.	Whatever.	Come	on,”	Jackie	said	without	looking	back.
Diane	went	in	first,	Jackie	holding	the	door.	By	the	door	was	the	return	slot	for	books
or	 for	 anything	 else	 a	 person	 might	 want	 to	 return	 to	 the	 library.	 Jackie,	 being	 who	 she
was,	 lifted	 up	 the	 metal	 lid	 for	 a	 moment,	 just	 to	 see.	 Inside	 it	 was	 dark	 and	 damp	 and
there	was	an	intermittent	crackling	or	crunching	sound.	Diane	shuddered	and,	putting	her
hand	over	Jackie’s,	gently	closed	the	lid.	Jackie	pulled	her	hand	away	from	Diane’s	and
kept	walking.
The	checkout	area	had	printers	and	computers	that	looked	to	be	twenty	or	more	years
out	of	date.	Nothing	like	the	cutting-edge	machines	regularly	released	into	local	computer
stores	 and	 immediately	 outlawed	 by	 City	 Council.	 There	 were	 stains	 of	 indeterminate
origin	all	over	the	counter.	Jackie	touched	one;	it	was	still	sticky.
The	stain	ran	in	a	sloppy	streak	across	the	counter	and	up	a	pencil	holder.	Jackie	rose
up	 on	 tiptoes	 and	 peered	 into	 the	 cup,	 which	 at	 first	 appeared	 empty,	 but	 the	 longer	 she
stared	into	the	small	darkness,	the	more	she	could	make	out	a	pattern—or	texture—at	the
bottom.	She	could	not	be	certain,	but	there	seemed	to	be	a	small	lump	of	wet	hair	in	the
bottom	of	the	pencil	holder.	She	lowered	herself	back	onto	her	heels.
“What	are	you	here	for?”	Jackie	asked.
“Public	records.	You?”
“Newspaper	archives.”
“Good.	Should	be	right	next	to	each	other.”
“Sure.	I	guess.”
According	 to	 Diane’s	 most	 trustworthy	 map,	 the	 archives	 were	 about	 halfway	 back
into	the	library.
“Well,	 good	 thing	 is	 we	 don’t	 have	 to	 go	 all	 the	 way	 to	 the	 back,”	 she	 said.	 Jackie
didn’t	reply.
They	kept	moving	past	the	racks	of	the	Night	Vale	Daily	Journal	by	the	windows.	Due
to	 spiraling	 printing	 costs	 and	 the	 necessary	 layoff	 of	 nearly	 its	 entire	 staff,	 the	 Journal
had	long	ago	moved	to	an	imagination-based	format.	The	racks	were	empty	except	for	a
small	note	reminding	you	that	if	you	imagined	what	a	hypothetical	Night	Vale	newspaper
might	look	like,	then	you	needed	to	send	a	check	for	$19.95	to	the	Daily	Journal	to	cover
your	monthly	Imagination	Subscription.
The	library	was	shaped	like	a	stubby	lowercase	b,	with	the	entrance	hall	and	checkout
area	 forming	 its	 neck.	 Ahead	 was	 the	 start	 of	 the	 lower	 portion,	 where	 the	 bulk	 of	 the

library	was.	First	was	the	reference	section,	with	thick	books	full	of	dangerous	words	and
binders	full	of	classified	information.	The	shelves	of	the	reference	section	spanned	back
into	 the	 shadows	 of	 the	 deepest	 parts	 of	 the	 library,	 and	 the	 two	 women	 made	 an
immediate	left	to	avoid	it.
Diane	 kept	 her	 eyes	 forward,	 following	 the	 unwavering	 trajectory	 of	 her	 steps,	 but
Jackie	couldn’t	help	but	stop	and	look.	Deep	within	the	shadows,	she	thought	she	could
see	the	echo	of	movement.	Not	exactly	movement,	but	the	suggestion	left	in	the	air	after
movement	 is	 finished.	 She	 hurried	 after	 Diane.	 As	 they	 passed	 a	 section	 of	 geological
encyclopedias,	 Jackie	 saw	 a	 scattering	 of	 white	 teeth	 in	 the	 aisle.	 She	 stared	 at	 them,
hoping	 they	 would	 become	 something	 less	 awful,	 less	 human-looking,	 but	 the	 teeth
remained	teeth.	After	that,	she	kept	her	eyes	forward,	mimicking	Diane.
Beyond	 the	 reference	 section	 was	 the	 large	 central	 reading	 area,	 sloping	 gently
downward	to	a	fountain.	The	fountain	was	out	of	water.	Had	probably	broken	years	ago
and	no	repairman	had	survived	trying	to	fix	it.	It	occasionally	made	a	buzzing	growling
hacking	sound,	like	its	pipes	were	trying	to	cough	something	up.
Around	 the	 fountain	 were	 oak	 tables	 with	 upholstered	 chairs.	 These	 had	 never	 been
touched.	 Crossing	 an	 open	 area	 like	 the	 reading	 area	 was	 guaranteed	 to	 draw	 every
librarian	in	the	building,	so	any	hypothetical	reader	would	never	get	ten	steps,	let	alone	all
the	way	to	pulling	out	a	chair	and	sitting	down.	The	reading	area	was	a	beautifully	crafted
trap	 set	 by	 the	 librarians,	 but	 it	 was	 too	 perfect.	 Even	 the	 dumbest	 book	 lover—and
anyone	who	would	regularly	choose	to	come	in	contact	with	books	could	not	be	a	bright
bulb,	Jackie	thought—wouldn’t	fall	for	this.
Diane	 and	 Jackie	 hugged	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 reading	 area,	 crouching	 behind	 the	 public
internet-access	tables,	served	by	the	same	ancient	computers	as	the	checkout	area,	none	of
which	 appeared	 to	 be	 plugged	 in	 anyway.	 They	 looked	 at	 each	 other,	 faces	 pale	 but
focused.	 Without	 speaking	 or	 breathing,	 but	 with	 the	 urgent	 set	 of	 their	 jaws,	 they
communicated	that	they	needed	to	keep	moving.	The	answers	might	be	available	on	the
old	computers,	but	it	would	be	too	dangerous	to	wait	around	in	one	spot,	trying	to	retrieve
them.	Even	leaving	aside	the	usual	danger	that	any	computer	might	develop	a	spontaneous
and	malicious	sentience,	like	what	had	wiped	out	the	entire	Computer	Science	Department
at	Night	Vale	Community	College.
After	the	computers	was	the	children’s	section.	The	beanbag	chairs	were	new,	as	were
the	realistic	lava-stone	statues	of	children.	The	section	had	no	books	at	all,	but	it	did	have
twenty	or	thirty	child	statues,	with	faces	contorted	in	terror	and	pain.	It	was	the	one	part	of
the	 library	 everyone	 in	 Night	 Vale	 could	 feel	 good	 about.	 “Well,	 at	 least	 we	 have	 those
statues,”	they’d	say	to	each	other.	“The	library	might	be	a	threat	to	the	lives	of	all	who	use
it,	but	it	has	a	great	children’s	section.	And	comfy	beanbag	chairs.	At	least	there’s	that.”
“BRRGGHHHHH,”	said	the	fountain.
Diane	paused	for	a	moment	to	look	at	the	statues.	One	of	them	looked	a	lot	like	Josh,
back	when	he	was	younger,	and	used	to	be	made	of	stone	sometimes.	He	was	rarely	ever
made	of	stone	anymore.	Did	she	have	any	pictures	of	him	made	of	stone?	No,	she	didn’t

think	 she	 did.	 She	 should	 take	 more	 pictures	 of	 him.	 Or	 try	 to	 remember	 him	 better.	 Or
remember	more	of	him.
Assuming	she	would	make	it	out	of	the	library.
“Why	 are	 we	 stopping?”	 Jackie	 hissed.	 She	 looked	 around	 the	 children’s	 section	 for
movement	or	shadows,	but	it	seemed	as	empty	as	everywhere	else.
Diane	shot	Jackie	a	silent	look	that	said,	“Shut	up.”
“Then	let’s	go,”	Jackie	replied	with	her	own	silent	look.
“Patience.	Have	some	patience.	I	was	simply	seeing	what	the	new	children’s	section
was	 like.	 I’ve	 heard	 a	 lot	 of	 good	 things	 about	 it.	 Besides,	 it	 wasn’t	 like	 we	 weren’t
dawdling	earlier	at	the	front	desk,”	Diane	argued	with	just	her	eyes.
“That	 was	 different.	 It	 was,	 it	 was	 different.	 Just	 …	 dude,	 keep	 moving,”	 Jackie
countered	wordlessly.
“I’m	moving.	This	is	me	moving.”	Diane	moved.
Jackie	glared,	but	Diane	didn’t	see	it	happen,	so	the	glare	only	had	an	effect	on	herself.
They	were	almost	to	the	city	archives,	but	to	get	there	they	would	have	to	cross	from
under	the	computer	desks	into	the	space	between	the	children’s	and	the	architecture	and
science	sections.
Diane	 held	 back,	 taking	 in	 the	 apparent	 emptiness	 of	 the	 room,	 preparing	 for	 what
might	 happen	 next,	 but	 Jackie	 was	 already	 out	 and	 running	 for	 the	 microfiche	 shelves.
Diane	gasped,	unable	to	grab	Jackie,	to	protect	her	from	her	own	bravado.
Jackie,	 all	 teenage	 breathlessness,	 broke	 her	 run	 on	 the	 archive	 cabinets	 with	 a	 dull
slap	and	whirled	around,	arms	out,	eyes	wide,	ready	to	take	what	would	come.	Nothing.
Diane	held	her	breath.	No	one.
“See?	 No	 one.”	 Jackie’s	 grin	 was	 edging	 toward	 smug,	 but	 Diane	 had	 developed	 a
patience	 for	 this	 kind	 of	 thing	 from	 years	 of	 her	 son.	 She	 scuttled	 over	 in	 a	 crouched
position	 from	 her	 hiding	 place	 under	 the	 desk,	 standing	 only	 when	 she	 made	 it	 to	 the
cabinet.	 They	 put	 their	 backs	 to	 the	 archives	 and	 looked	 at	 where	 they	 had	 come	 from.
Children’s	section,	then	computers,	then	reference	section,	then	the	turn	toward	checkout
and	escape.
If	they	needed	to	run,	they	wouldn’t	make	it.	So	they	would	just	have	to	not	be	found.
“All	 right,	 what	 are	 you	 looking	 for?”	 Jackie	 mouthed,	 trying	 to	 whisper	 without
sound.
“Troy,”	Diane	mouthed.
Jackie	made	a	face.
“It’s	for	Josh’s	sake,”	Diane	mouthed.
“What?”	Jackie	mouthed.

Diane	 wasn’t	 sure	 if	 Jackie	 had	 not	 understood	 or	 was	 expressing	 incredulity;	 either
way	she	waved	her	off.	Finding	information	on	any	citizen	of	Night	Vale	was	as	simple	as
looking	 under	 their	 name	 and	 sorting	 through	 the	 comprehensive	 life	 details	 kept	 on
record.
And	there	he	was.	“Walsh,	Troy,”	between	“Vos,	Natalie”	and	“Winged	Creature,	First
Name	 Unknown.”	 Here	 was	 his	 birth	 certificate	 with	 everything	 but	 his	 name	 redacted.
His	death	certificate,	postdated	to	the	correct	time.	A	cool	rock	that	someone	had	found
and	had	written	“Troy”	on	with	a	black	permanent	marker.	Blood	samples.	Urine	samples.
Saliva	 samples.	 Writing	 samples.	 Fingerprints.	 Photos	 taken	 while	 he	 was	 sleeping.	 A
paragraph-length,	poetic	description	of	his	aura.	A	video	of	the	same	description	presented
through	the	language	of	dance.
Diane	shook	her	head.	Nothing	unusual	or	useful.
Jackie	placed	a	hand	on	her	shoulder,	patient	as	she	could,	and	squeezed	gently,	trying
to	convey	all	of	“That’s	cool.	But	there’s	nothing.	Sorry	you	came	all	this	way	and	wasted
your	time.	Let’s	go.”
Diane	poked	a	finger	at	her	but	then	reconsidered	and	lifted	the	defensive	gesture	into
a	plea.	“Just	one	more	moment?”	her	finger	asked.
“Whatever.”	Jackie	crossed	her	arms	and	returned	her	bored	stare	to	the	empty	room
behind	them.
Diane	searched	through	the	whole	file	again,	flicking	quickly,	looking	for	whatever	it
was	she	had	missed,	because	surely	she	had	missed	something.
A	fluorescent	light	flickered	on	the	high	gray	ceiling	above	them.	Jackie	squinted.	She
hadn’t	seen	anything.	That	had	been	nothing,	she	was	sure.
BRRGGHHHHH.	 The	 fountain.	 But	 was	 that	 a	 noise	 hanging	 on	 for	 just	 a	 moment
after	the	fountain’s	moan?
Jackie	turned	and	put	her	hand	back	on	Diane’s	shoulder.
“We	need	to	go.”
Diane	looked	out	over	the	reading	area.	It	looked	no	different	than	it	had	the	last	time
she	had	looked	or,	anyway,	almost	no	different.
“Why	 don’t	 you	 just	 do	 whatever	 it	 is	 you	 need	 to	 do	 and	 let	 me	 do	 this?	 I’m	 sure
you’ll	be	just	fine	on	your	own.”
She	 had	 adopted	 a	 mom’s	 voice,	 and	 they	 both	 heard	 her	 do	 it.	 Jackie	 gave	 one	 last
look	to	where	the	noise	had	come	from,	which,	as	far	as	she	could	tell,	was	the	magazine
room	in	the	complete	opposite	corner	of	the	library.	The	angle	was	such	that	she	couldn’t
see	 into	 the	 room.	 She	 might	 have	 been	 able	 to	 see	 the	 shadow	 jutting	 out	 on	 the	 floor
from	its	doorway,	but	she	didn’t	want	to	see	that	so	her	brain	skimmed	past	it.
One	aisle	over,	Jackie	found	the	archives	of	the	Daily	Journal,	back	when	it	had	had
physical	form.	She	started	flipping	through	the	binders	of	old	issues.	A	microfiche	system

had	been	deemed	too	expensive	by	city	government,	and	anyway	would	likely	just	have
been	ruined	by	librarian	fluids	or	the	blood	of	one	of	their	victims.
“King	City	has	to	have	come	up	at	some	point.”
“Mmm,”	Diane	said.
She	wasn’t	listening	because	she	had	found	something	she’d	missed	earlier.	Stuck	to
the	 back	 of	 the	 aura	 report	 was	 an	 old	 photo.	 She	 couldn’t	 tell	 how	 old,	 because	 it	 was
stuck	image-side	down.	She	picked	at	the	edges	of	it,	trying	to	get	it	to	come	off,	but	the
photo	was	stuck	firm.
“Dammit,”	Jackie	said,	not	in	response	to	anything	but	just	to	have	something	to	say	as
she	searched,	tediously,	for	information	that	might	or	might	not	exist.
Diane	 yanked	 at	 the	 photo,	 and	 it	 came	 unstuck	 with	 a	 pop.	 She	 turned	 it	 faceup.	 It
was	 a	 photo	 from	 the	 era	 where	 people	 are	 stiffly	 arranged	 through	 the	 long	 minutes	 it
took	 to	 register	 their	 image	 on	 chemical	 paper.	 She	 considered	 it	 as	 carefully	 and
rationally	as	she	could	before	coming	to	the	verbal	conclusion:	“Oh,	shit.”
“Why	‘oh,	shit’?”	Jackie	popped	her	head	up	from	behind	a	binder.
Diane	held	up	the	photo,	and	Jackie	studied	it	closely,	bringing	her	face	in	toward	the
flat	faces	looking	back	from	long	ago.
“Oh	shit,”	Jackie	said.
“Yeah.”
“Well,	my	news	isn’t	great	either.”
Jackie	held	up	an	index	card	that	said,	in	neat	block	letters,
ALL	MATERIALS	ON	KING	CITY	HAVE	BEEN	CATALOGUED
UNDER	GEOGRAPHY,	FORBIDDEN.

And	then	another	sentence	that	had	been	blacked	out	with	a	scribbled	marker,	so	much	so
that	the	black	ink	leaked	through	to	the	other	side	of	the	card.
Diane	 nodded,	 unsurprised.	 It	 had	 seemed	 too	 easy	 up	 to	 that	 point,	 and	 so	 she	 had
been	expecting	something	like	this.
“The	forbidden	materials	shelf	is	just	past	the	biography	section,	near	fiction.”
She	pointed.	The	area	where	she	pointed	was	as	far	from	them	as	the	entrance,	in	the
opposite	direction.	There	would	be	no	escape	if	they	were	noticed.	They	both	considered
this.	 Jackie	 sat	 down	 on	 institutionally	 patterned	 carpet,	 her	 head	 in	 her	 hands,	 and
allowed	 herself	 a	 few	 seconds	 of	 self-pity.	 Then	 she	 stood	 up,	 her	 eyes	 steady	 on	 her
destination.
“Listen,	 Diane,”	 she	 said	 softly,	 clearly.	 “It	 made	 sense	 for	 us	 to	 do	 this	 together
because	 we	 both	 need	 something.	 But	 you	 can	 go	 now.	 You’ve	 found	 …”	 She	 looked
again	 at	 the	 photograph	 in	 Diane’s	 hand	 and	 shuddered.	 “Anyway,	 you	 have	 a	 son	 who
needs	you.	You	have	to	go	home	to	him.	I	can	do	this.”

Diane	thought	about	Josh,	and	she	wanted	to	agree.	The	important	thing	was	to	get	out
of	 the	 library	 to	 her	 family,	 her	 sullen,	 solitary,	 teenage	 family.	 And	 so	 she	 felt	 furious
about	what	she	was	going	to	say	next.
“No.	We	came	into	the	library	together,	we’ll	leave	it	together.”
“Diane,	you	don’t	have—”
“Jackie,	if	I	left	you	here	and	you	died,	I	would	feel	bad	about	it.	I’d	probably	feel	bad
about	it	for	the	rest	of	my	life.	And	I	don’t	like	to	feel	bad.	So	let’s	go.”
Jackie	 smiled.	 She	 didn’t	 mean	 much	 by	 it,	 but	 she	 meant	 some	 by	 it.	 Diane	 smiled
back,	meaning	mostly	the	same.
She	 looked	 at	 Troy’s	 useless	 file	 and	 shrugged,	 deciding	 to	 take	 it	 with	 her.	 There
wasn’t	much	to	it,	and	they	had	come	this	far.	She	tucked	it	under	one	arm.
They	started	out	for	the	forbidden	shelf,	past	the	biography	section	and,	terrifyingly,
the	fiction	section	near	it.
Nothing	attracts	a	librarian	more	than	fiction,	as	even	the	smallest	child	of	Night	Vale
knows.
“I	hope	there	is	anything	there	about	King	City,”	Jackie	said.
“BRRGGHHHHH,”	the	fountain	said.
This	time	there	was	definitely	another	noise	along	with	it.	Like	a	laugh	but	angry.	Like
crying	but	aggressive.	Like	a	claw	or	a	tail	or	a	wing	moving	against	bookshelves.
Diane	 and	 Jackie	 didn’t	 hear	 it,	 although	 there	 was	 nothing	 they	 could	 have	 done
differently	if	they	had.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 …	 or	 anyway,	 all	 of	 them	 that	 had	 survived.	 And	 that	 is	 why	 police	 and
emergency	 medical	 crews	 no	 longer	 feel	 obligated	 to	 search	 for	 remains	 in	 any	 public
library.
We	 are	 getting	 confirmation	 from	 several	 concerned	 citizens	 that	 something	 is	 very
wrong	 with	 those	 cute	 plastic	 flamingos	 everyone	 bought	 from	 Lenny’s	 Bargain	 House.
Those	who	get	too	close	to	the	flamingos	or,	worse,	touch	them,	are	disappearing.	Some	of
these	 unfortunates	 appeared	 again	 just	 moments	 later,	 sagging	 into	 shriveled	 skin	 with
long	gray	hair,	as	though	a	lifetime	had	passed.
“Oh,	 I’m	 back!	 I’m	 back!”	 those	 people	 all	 said.	 “I	 thought	 I’d	 never	 see	 this	 place
again.”
When	asked	where	they	had	gone,	many	promptly	died	of	old	age.
Others	have	not	reappeared	at	all.
Even	those	who	were	lucky	enough	not	to	disappear	still	reported	odd	side	effects	of
the	flamingos.
“Yeah,	I	touched	one,”	said	Sheila,	the	woman	who	always	marks	people’s	activities
down	on	her	clipboard	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite.	“And	the	world	shown	clear	for	the	first
time	in	my	life.	Like	I	had	never	seen	any	of	it	before.	I	had	never	seen	any	of	it	before,
and	I	understood	none	of	it.	Which	is	when	I	realized	that	I	had	become	myself	as	a	baby
again.	 I	 lived	 my	 entire	 life	 over	 again,	 making	 the	 same	 choices,	 surviving	 the	 same
tragedy	 and	 surviving	 the	 same	 joy,	 and	 going	 through	 all	 the	 same	 mistakes,	 unable	 to
stop	myself,	until	I	reached	the	moment	again	where	I	touched	the	flamingo,	and	then	I
was	an	infant	again.	I	have	gone	through	this	loop	hundreds	of	times.	My	life,	which	once
seemed	like	an	organic	movement,	now	has	become	a	hideous	script	that	I	must	play	out,
with	an	ending	that	is	forever	forestalled.	I	won’t	ever	die,	but	I	won’t	ever	live.	Please
help.”
And	then,	weeping,	she	touched	the	flamingo	again.
There	 have	 also	 been	 some	 complaints	 that	 the	 plastic	 on	 the	 flamingos	 is	 cheaply
produced	 and	 warped.	 Has	 Lenny’s	 Bargain	 House	 been	 selling	 us	 substandard	 and
possibly	 time-bending	 decorative	 birds?	 We	 will	 investigate	 at	 some	 point	 in	 the	 future,
when	 we	 feel	 like	 we	 are	 maybe	 more	 interested	 than	 we	 are	 now.	 Until	 then,	 we	 will
continue	on	in	ignorance,	happy	as	we	ever	were.
And	now,	we	are	pleased	to	present	three	commercial-free	hours	of	advertisements.

28

They	 ran	 past	 the	 nonfiction	 shelves,	 filled	 with	 informative	 books	 on	 every	 subject	 not
currently	 outlawed	 by	 city	 government,	 or	 the	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police,	 or	 the	 World
Government.	The	shelves	were	mostly	empty.	They	tried	to	keep	their	footfalls	as	soft	as
possible.
In	Jackie’s	case,	this	resulted	in	only	her	usual	heavy-heeled	thuds.
Gently.	 Silence	 over	 speed,	 Diane	 thought,	 glaring	 at	 the	 teenager’s	 back	 but	 not
wanting	to	say	it	out	loud.
Hurry	the	hell	up,	Jackie	thought,	as	Diane	lagged	behind.
After	 nonfiction	 was	 science	 fiction.	 No	 one	 knows	 why	 science	 fiction	 is	 kept
separately	 from	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 nonfiction.	 Tradition	 is	 a	 powerful	 thing.	 These	 shelves
were	much	less	censored	than	the	main	nonfiction	section,	since	science	fiction	tended	to
be	about	day-to-day	stuff	that	everyone	already	knew.
They	hid	against	a	long	row	of	novels,	most	titles	unreadable	under	a	gnashing	of	teeth
and	claw	marks.	Diane	looked	up	to	see	a	shelf	full	of	Ursula	K.	Le	Guin	books,	streaked
with	 four	 long,	 brownish	 stains.	 Poor	 book	 lover,	 Diane	 thought,	 dragged	 away	 just	 as
they	found	that	perfect	read.
Jackie	 smelled	 something.	 It	 was	 different	 than	 the	 usual	 library	 smell	 of	 basement
closets	and	bleach.	This	smelled	like	burnt	coffee	during	a	sinus	infection,	a	stale	sting	in
her	 nose.	 She	 turned	 to	 Diane,	 whose	 eyes	 were	 pointed	 down,	 cheeks	 flushed,	 nostrils
flared.
“You	smell	it	too.”
Diane	nodded,	putting	her	finger	to	her	lips.
A	 distant	 hum.	 They	 looked	 around.	 Diane	 took	 Jackie’s	 hand.	 Jackie	 didn’t	 notice.
The	distant	hum	was	perhaps	a	nearby	growl.
“Keep	moving,”	Jackie	said.
Diane	did	nothing.	Jackie	stood,	pulling	her	up	by	the	hand.	The	noise	was	between
distant	and	nearby.	It	was	between	a	growl	and	a	hum.
“Hiding	won’t	make	whatever	that	was	go	away,”	Jackie	said.
Diane	clutched	at	the	science	fiction	shelf	as	Jackie	led	her,	heel-toe,	heel-toe,	quiet,
into	the	biography	section.

The	 section	 was	 extensive,	 taking	 up	 most	 of	 the	 wall	 leading	 to	 the	 back	 of	 the
library.	 The	 only	 book	 in	 the	 section	 was	 the	 Official	 Biography	 of	 Helen	 Hunt.	 There
were	a	lot	of	copies.	It	was	a	well-stocked	biography	section.	If	anyone	needed	to	know
about	 the	 life	 of	 a	 person,	 for	 instance	 Helen	 Hunt,	 then	 this	 section	 was	 extremely
helpful.
A	 few	 turned-out	 copies	 of	 the	 book	 revealed	 a	 smiling	 Helen	 Hunt	 on	 its	 cover.
Helen’s	 eyes	 stared	 back	 directly	 at	 the	 viewer.	 Helen’s	 smile	 had	 a	 hard	 edge,	 a	 tight
anger	to	it.	Her	hair	was	pulled	back	to	display	the	intricate	clover-shaped	forehead	tattoos
that	Helen	Hunt	is	known	for.	Between	the	actor’s	teeth,	Diane	could	see	a	gray	smudge	in
the	famous	dark	of	the	famous	maw.	The	gray	seemed	to	move,	to	flicker.	It	was	pacing	to
and	fro.	Jackie	saw	it	too.	A	bright	glint,	like	a	cat’s	eye	in	a	dark	room,	flashed	out	from
between	the	award-winning	actor’s	teeth.	Jackie	put	one	hand	to	her	own	mouth	and	tried
not	to	breathe.	Diane	pulled	herself	close	to	Jackie’s	shoulder.	Helen	wasn’t	smiling	at	all.
They	must	have	seen	it	wrong.	She	was	frowning,	angry,	still	showing	all	of	her	teeth.	Or
no,	the	woman	on	the	book	covers	was	definitely	moving.
Her	 mouth	 was	 opening	 and	 the	 gray	 movement	 inside	 became	 fast	 and	 agitated.
Diane	gave	a	light	shove	and	they	ran	out	of	the	biography	section	before	Helen	could	do
anything	more.
Now	they	were	deep	in	the	fiction	section,	surrounded	by	books	that	told	nothing	but
lies.	They	breathed	heavily	from	their	run,	but	tried	to	keep	their	breathing	as	quiet	as	they
could.	They	could	not	keep	it	very	quiet	at	all.
From	one	of	the	shelves,	an	arm	reached	out	to	them.	It	appeared	to	be	more	or	less
human.	 Diane	 made	 a	 sound	 that	 was	 not	 quite	 but	 similar	 to	 a	 scream.	 Jackie	 stopped,
turned,	and	put	her	hand	over	Diane’s	mouth.
“Librarian,”	Diane	said	into	Jackie’s	palm.	The	human	arm	was	connected	to	a	figure
that	 was	 leaking	 out	 of	 the	 wall,	 with	 wet	 skin	 and	 sandpaper	 eyes	 and	 a	 body	 that
shimmered	variations	on	the	human	form.
Diane	 sank	 into	 Jackie’s	 body	 in	 terror,	 feeling	 a	 moment	 where	 she	 just	 gave	 up.
Jackie	held	her	up,	eyes	steady	on	the	figure.
“Too	 human-looking	 to	 be	 a	 librarian,”	 Jackie	 whispered.	 “I	 think	 that’s	 just	 the
specter	that	haunts	the	biography	section.	It’s	harmless.”
The	 bit	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 specter’s	 arm	 that	 wasn’t	 quite	 a	 hand	 reached	 out	 toward
them.	Its	body	dripped	out	of	the	wall	like	oil,	black	and	viscous.
“Are	 you	 sure?”	 Diane	 said.	 The	 figure	 hovered	 closer.	 Its	 face	 was	 cratered	 and
oozing,	its	eyes	rough	and	gray.	She	pushed	back	into	Jackie,	unable	to	help	herself.
“Oh,	 you	 know	 what?”	 Jackie	 said.	 “The	 specter	 regularly	 takes	 people.	 It’s	 taken	 a
ton	of	people.	Presumably	they’re	all	dead.	We	should	go.”
She	 took	 Diane’s	 arm	 and	 moved	 her	 down	 the	 aisle,	 toward	 the	 creature.	 A	 cleft
opened	 below	 the	 thing’s	 eyes,	 splitting	 into	 a	 distorted	 mouth	 stuck	 in	 the	 shape	 of	 a
final,	mortal	scream.	Diane	tried	to	lead	Jackie	into	another	run,	but	Jackie	kept	the	pace

even	 and	 slow.	 The	 creature	 loomed	 and	 Jackie	 leaned	 out	 an	 elbow,	 pushing	 it	 sharply
aside.	They	tumbled	forward,	into,	through,	and	beyond	the	specter.	Diane	turned	to	see	if
the	specter	had	followed.	It	was	gone.
“That	wasn’t	funny,”	she	said.
“It	was	kind	of	funny.”	Jackie	considered	Diane’s	face.	“Oh,	come	on,	dude.	It’s	not
like	 knowing	 would	 have	 helped	 you	 any.	 I’ve	 had	 to	 do	 school	 reports	 on	 Helen	 Hunt
enough	times	that	I’ve	learned	to	deal	with	the	specter.	Its	intentions	aren’t	good,	sure,	but
it’s	too	slow	and	weak	to	be	much	of	a	problem.”
Diane	glared	at	Jackie,	with	irritation	but	also	with	a	new	respect.	Jackie	was	braver
than	she,	Diane	knew,	suddenly	and	solidly,	as	much	as	she	had	ever	known	any	fact	in
her	life.	And	while,	as	the	older	person,	she	was	more	responsible,	still	Jackie	was	capable
in	 ways	 that	 Diane	 was	 not.	 She	 didn’t	 know	 what	 to	 do	 with	 that	 information,	 but	 she
knew	it.
They	had	made	it	past	the	books,	past	the	ghost,	to	a	beige	metal	shelf,	bolted	to	the
wall,	 a	 few	 dozen	 books	 and	 folders	 on	 it.	 There	 was	 a	 stepladder	 available	 for	 the
convenience	 of	 shorter	 patrons	 or	 those	 seeking	 information	 from	 the	 top	 shelf.
Handwritten	on	a	piece	of	paper	taped	to	the	shelf	was	a	note:	FORBIDDEN	MATERIAL
SHELF.
“According	to	the	index,	should	be	here.”
“Probably	 it’s	 that,”	 Diane	 said,	 pointing.	 On	 the	 shelf,	 between	 a	 teach-yourselfcalligraphy	 book	 (the	 powers-that-be	 worried	 it	 would	 serve	 as	 a	 gateway	 to	 pen
ownership)	and	a	1988	calendar	called	“Mountains	of	Our	World,”	was	a	shoe	box	marked
KING	CITY.
“That’s	probably	it,	yes,	I	agree.”
Jackie	grabbed	it.
“Cool,	well,	this	has	been	fun,	but	let’s	go,”	Jackie	said.	They	turned	toward	the	exit
but	didn’t	move.
The	distant	hum	had	returned.	Between	them	and	the	exit	was	the	fiction	section,	and
inside	 the	 fiction	 section	 was	 the	 noise.	 A	 gurgling,	 like	 a	 person	 trying	 to	 breathe	 with
severe	 lung	 trouble,	 and	 a	 clicking	 like	 bad	 joints	 moving	 in	 old	 bodies.	 A	 growl	 and	 a
hum;	 threatening	 crying	 and	 angry	 laughter.	 All	 sounds	 happened	 at	 once,	 coming	 from
the	one	huge	form,	a	shadow	defining	its	way	into	the	light.	Tendrils	whipped	in	and	out
between	the	books.	The	smell	of	burnt	coffee	was	overwhelming.
“Is	that—?”	Jackie	asked,	and	a	ropy	white	limb	wrapped	around	her	neck.	Jackie	had
no	 air	 to	 register	 her	 distress,	 so	 she	 widened	 her	 eyes,	 and	 heaved	 back	 and	 forth.	 The
limb	 was	 glistening,	 and	 whatever	 sticky	 substance	 was	 all	 over	 it	 stung	 her	 skin.	 She
started	to	go	pale;	her	head	seemed	to	be	miles	above	her	body.	She	saw	shapes	and	colors
but	couldn’t	be	sure	if	that	was	still	the	world	or	only	the	inside	of	her	head.
Diane	froze.	She	had	never	physically	fought	off	even	a	human	being.	She	had	never

been	 attacked.	 Even	 in	 the	 hypothetical	 imagining	 of	 being	 attacked,	 even	 just	 by	 a
human,	 she	 imagined	 failing	 to	 defend	 herself.	 Jackie	 was	 braver	 than	 Diane,	 but	 if	 she
didn’t	do	anything,	Jackie	was	about	to	die.	That	was	it	really.	She	was	about	to	die,	and
Diane	was	doing	nothing,	was	too	scared.
Jackie	dropped	the	King	City	box	and	held	out	her	arms	as	she	was	pulled	toward	the
shadows.	She	reached	for	anything	that	might	slow	her	journey	backwards.
The	librarian	made	a	gurgling	howl,	and	there	were	matching	howls	from	all	over	the
library.	Soon	there	would	be	more	of	them.
Diane	 looked	 around	 desperately,	 but	 all	 that	 surrounded	 her	 were	 books.	 Useless
books.	 She	 looked	 down	 into	 Troy’s	 file,	 cradled	 in	 her	 arms.	 There.	 The	 rock	 that	 had
reminded	someone	of	Troy.	One	edge	of	it	had	eroded	into	jagged	sharpness.
She	pulled	it	out	and	stabbed	it	into	the	ropy	limb	that	was	dragging	Jackie	away	from
her.	The	limb	slackened.
Diane	 stepped	 forward	 against	 every	 instinct	 and	 shoved	 her	 arm	 between	 it	 and
Jackie’s	neck.	She	pulled	as	hard	as	she	could,	and	Jackie	wriggled	frantically.	It	seemed
that	even	with	Diane	pulling,	the	gap	was	not	nearly	big	enough	for	Jackie	to	escape,	but
the	limb	was	so	slimy	with	its	toxic	substance	(now	burning	through	Diane’s	jacket)	that
Jackie	was	able	to	slip	her	head	out.
They	stumbled	backwards.	Jackie’s	neck	and	face	were	a	mess	of	purple	blotches,	and
she	was	sweating	hard	through	her	clothes.	Still	she	remembered	to	scoop	the	King	City
box	 back	 off	 the	 floor.	 Diane	 took	 off	 her	 rapidly	 dissolving	 jacket	 and	 tossed	 it	 to	 the
ground.	The	librarian’s	limb	recoiled,	curled	back	into	the	massive	body,	then	shot	out	at
them	again.
As	they	ducked	and	ran	down	a	parallel	aisle,	Diane	saw,	through	the	gaps	between	the
books,	 the	 librarian	 emerge	 from	 the	 shadows.	 She	 saw,	 exactly	 and	 in	 full,	 what	 a
librarian	looked	like.	Her	stomach	lurched.
She	would	not	forget	the	sight,	recurring	in	dreams	and	panic	attacks,	until	the	moment
she	died,	at	which	point	she	would	forget	it.	Eventually,	on	the	day	she	finally	died,	one	of
things	 that	 ran	 through	 her	 mind	 was:	 Well,	 at	 least	 I	 won’t	 have	 to	 remember	 that
anymore.	It	made	her	happy,	and	she	died	smiling.
But	that	was	much	later.
Jackie	did	her	best	to	keep	up	with	Diane.	She	was	younger	and	faster,	but	the	poison
was	 coursing	 through	 her.	 Her	 gait	 was	 unsteady,	 and	 she	 hissed	 hard	 through	 clenched
teeth.
They	 tore	 through	 the	 fiction	 section,	 and	 into	 biographies.	 Helen	 Hunt’s	 face	 was
completely	gone,	replaced	by	a	gaping	mouth,	distended	from	chin	to	hairline,	a	buzz	of
gray	rushing	at	them	from	its	depths.
Then	the	shelves	ran	out	and	there	was	only	space.	Ahead	was	the	wide	open	reading
room.	 A	 death	 trap.	 The	 moment	 they	 stepped	 out	 into	 that,	 every	 librarian	 would	 see

them,	 and	 then	 it	 would	 be	 over.	 They	 turned	 to	 look,	 and	 that	 white,	 ropy	 limb	 was
hissing	toward	them,	leaving	a	thick,	oily	trail	on	the	carpet.
They	 looked	 at	 each	 other.	 Jackie	 leaned	 on	 Diane’s	 arm,	 struggling	 a	 bit	 now	 with
standing	up.
“We	can	do	this,”	Jackie	said.	“Just	move	before	you	can	think	about	consequences.”
Diane	 nodded,	 and	 they	 ran	 as	 thoughtlessly	 as	 they	 could	 manage	 into	 the	 reading
area.	There	was	a	bellow	from	all	around	them,	and	more	of	the	white	limbs	seethed	out	of
the	floor	and	the	shelves.	Bulbous	shapes	loomed	at	them	from	the	ceiling.	The	librarians
had	all	come	out	to	greet	them.
The	skittering	of	hundreds	of	spindly	legs.	A	buzzing.	Red	eyes,	maybe,	or	red	spots	or
blood	 squirted	 into	 the	 air.	 There	 were	 primary	 jaws	 and	 secondary	 jaws	 and	 tertiary
vestigial	jaws,	and	each	of	them	turned	to	two	women	running	toward	the	exit.
They	couldn’t	run	straight	because	of	the	broken	fountain,	and	so	they	curved	around
it.	 Jackie,	 even	 with	 her	 body	 weakening,	 had	 found	 a	 reckless	 energy	 inside	 and	 was
running	 faster.	 Diane	 was	 gasping	 and	 slowing,	 cursing	 years	 of	 intended	 workouts	 that
had	never	happened.	The	younger	woman	took	her	by	the	shoulders	and	pushed	her	ahead.
They	became	a	four-legged	animal	of	escape.	Fangs	and	stingers	and	those	boneless	white
limbs	slapped	the	tile	of	the	fountain	just	behind	them.	There	was	buzzing	all	around.
To	the	left	was	the	reference	section.	Jackie	didn’t	look,	but	she	could	hear	whatever
had	been	in	the	shadows	rushing	out	at	them.	Then	the	checkout	area.	The	return	slot’s	lid
was	 lifting	 up,	 a	 tentacle-like	 tongue,	 or	 tongue-like	 tentacle,	 glopping	 out	 of	 it	 like
sludge.
There	 was	 a	 roaring,	 incoherent	 voice.	 It	 sounded	 like	 the	 entire	 building,	 the	 walls
and	floors	and	metal	skeleton	of	its	structure,	telling	them	they	would	die.
Diane	watched	the	front	doors	of	the	library	approach,	and	the	boneless	limbs	of	the
librarians	 worked	 their	 way	 in	 and	 through	 the	 handles,	 shutting	 the	 doors	 with	 their
bodies.
They	weren’t	going	to	make	it.
“We’re	not	going	to	make	it,”	Diane	said.
“We’ll	make	it.”
Jackie	turned	her	shoulder	forward,	putting	her	entire	flung	weight	into	the	glass	doors
and	the	poisonous	limbs.	Broken	glass	and	toxic	librarian	blood	spat	out	onto	the	tiles	of
the	entrance	corridor.	Jackie	landed	in	a	pile	of	the	glass	and	a	puddle	of	the	gray	ooze.
Diane	ran	through	the	resulting	hole	and	scooped	Jackie	up.	She	was	so	light,	really.
They	were	out	of	the	foyer,	out	into	the	empty	parking	lot.	The	building	behind	them
expanded	 and	 then	 came	 back	 together	 with	 a	 humf.	 They	 turned,	 but	 nothing	 was
pursuing	them.	The	front	doors	were	unbroken,	and	there	was	no	sign	of	any	creatures.	It
was	quiet	and	waiting	once	again.

Jackie	 gasped	 as	 much	 air	 as	 she	 could	 into	 her	 throbbing	 lungs.	 Her	 legs	 were
shaking,	but	she	was	standing.
“I	 said	 we	 would	 make	 it.	 Who	 was	 right?”	 Jackie	 said	 at	 the	 ground,	 bent	 in	 two.
“Who	was	right?”
“Are	you	okay?	Do	you	have	any	glass	in	you?”
“A	little	bit,	man,	but	I’m	okay.”
Diane	 smiled	 at	 Jackie.	 After	 a	 moment,	 Jackie	 smiled	 back.	 Then	 they	 started
laughing.	They	couldn’t	stop.	They	stood	and	leaned	into	each	other	and	laughed.	Jackie
was	still	covered	in	purple	blotches	and	pouring	sweat,	but	they	laughed	about	that	too.
“You	were	right,”	said	Diane.	“You	were	right.	Oh	my	god,	we’re	actually	alive,	aren’t
we?”
Jackie	waved	it	off.
“More	 important,	 we	 have	 answers.”	 Jackie	 nodded	 to	 the	 box	 in	 her	 hand	 and	 the
folder	in	Diane’s.	“I	mean,	god,	I	hope	we	have	answers.”
Diane	 nodded	 and	 sighed.	 The	 sigh	 held	 neither	 despair	 nor	 relief,	 only	 air.	 “Guess
back	to	dealing	with	this	mess	now.”
“Guess	so,”	Jackie	said.
Jackie	 looked	 at	 her	 car	 and	 Diane	 looked	 at	 the	 sidewalk,	 and	 they	 both	 almost
walked	away.
“Hey,”	 said	 Diane.	 “Do	 you	 want	 to	 look	 at	 this	 stuff	 together?	 Just	 see	 if	 there’s
anything	we	can	both	learn	from	it?”
“Yeah,	sure,”	said	Jackie,	still	looking	at	her	car.	“That’d	be	cool,	I	guess.”
Diane	put	her	arm	around	Jackie’s	shoulder	to	help	her	to	the	car,	but	her	energy	was
almost	 gone	 in	 the	 panic	 of	 having	 nearly	 orphaned	 Josh,	 so	 Jackie	 put	 an	 arm	 around
Diane.	Limping,	but	moving,	they	carried	one	another	away	from	the	library.

29

The	 shoe	 box	 marked	 KING	 CITY	 had	 a	 book	 and	 a	 small	 stack	 of	 newspaper	 articles.
The	book	was	called	Fun	Facts	and	Anecdotes	Related	to	King	City	and	Environs.	It	was
written	by	noted	actor	and	civic	historian	Harrison	Ford.	It	was	cheaply	made,	and	even	a
skim	of	its	contents	indicated	a	lack	of	careful	copyediting	and	layout	in	its	production.
Jackie	flipped	open	to	somewhere	in	the	middle.
King	City	Fact	#1061
Did	you	know?	King	City	is	the	only	city	in	California	to	have	had	a	mayor	right	from
its	very	founding.	It	has	never	gone	a	second	without	a	mayor.	It	has	always	had	one!
Again.
King	City	Fact	#702
The	fad	of	playing	“Dark	Side	of	the	Moon”	over	“Wizard	of	Oz”	was	popularized	by
King	City’s	own	George	Taylor	Morris.
Again.
King	City	Fact	#986
We	have	the	most	oranges.
“What	the	hell?”	she	said,	flipping	faster	through	the	useless	book.	“I	almost	died	for
this?”
King	City	Fact	#3
No	animals	were	harmed.
She	 tossed	 the	 useless	 book	 on	 the	 car	 floor	 and	 picked	 up	 the	 stack	 of	 newspaper
articles.
KING	CITY	REPORTS	SERIOUS	TROUBLE	WITH
CONCEPTS	OF	EXISTENCE,	LOSS
JANUARY	23,	2003
BY	LEANN	HART

Senior	Life	and	Style	Reporter
A	city	in	central	California	with	no	apparent	connections	to	our	town	of	Night	Vale
or	 the	 vast,	 flat	 desert	 in	 which	 we	 reside	 is	 reporting	 trouble	 with	 ideas	 like

existence	and	loss.	They	are	reporting	that	reality	isn’t	what	it	used	to	be,	and	that
life	seems	somehow	empty,	or	that	it	always	was,	and	they	just	never	noticed.
In	 a	 press	 release	 sent	 only	 to	 Night	 Vale	 for	 reasons	 we	 do	 not	 understand,
King	City	indicated	that	it	feels	out	of	sync	with	cities	only	a	few	miles	away	and
that	 perhaps	 everyone	 they	 know	 are	 just	 variations	 on	 the	 same,	 single	 person.
Everyone	is	one	person,	says	King	City.	There	are	a	lot	of	that	person.
Also,	they	need	to	elect	a	mayor.	They	haven’t	had	a	mayor	in	so	long.	It’s	time
to	elect	a	mayor,	they	said.
The	local	paper,	the	King	City	Rustler,	has	been	printing	large	glossy	photos	of
some	man	in	a	tan	jacket	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase.	They	have	not	been	printing
anything	else.	No	one	knows	who	he	is,	and	no	one	can	remember	the	photos	after
they	look	at	them.
These	 glossy,	 color	 photos	 seem	 expensive	 to	 print.	 This	 is	 a	 waste	 of	 the
newspaper’s	funds,	everyone	thought,	but	no	one	said.
When	 reached	 for	 comment	 by	 an	 angry	 mob	 of	 King	 City	 citizens	 bearing
torches,	the	editor	of	the	Rustler	hid.
Those	 outside	 of	 King	 City	 are	 saying	 that	 it	 is	 getting	 harder	 and	 harder	 to
find	the	town,	like	it	is	slowly	sliding	off	the	map.	Roads	that	used	to	go	into	town
do	 not	 go	 into	 town	 anymore.	 And	 those	 attempting	 to	 reach	 town	 simply
disappear.
“I’m	pretty	sure	we	didn’t	used	to	disappear	in	King	City,”	said	Wanda	Nieves,
a	local	resident	who	issued	her	own	press	release,	consisting	only	of	that	quote.
We	 at	 the	 Night	 Vale	 Daily	 Journal	 are	 using	 the	 massive	 amount	 of	 funds
gained	 in	 the	 ever-lucrative	 newspaper	 business	 to	 investigate	 why	 people	 from
King	 City	 are	 sending	 us	 annoying	 press	 releases	 and	 also,	 if	 it	 comes	 up,	 why
King	 City	 is	 slipping	 out	 of	 our	 reality	 under	 the	 watchful	 eyes	 of	 a	 mysterious
man	in	a	tan	jacket.
As	 always,	 this	 article	 contains	 additional	 reporting	 by	 agents	 of	 various
unnamed	 government	 agencies,	 who	 add	 and	 subtract	 words	 and	 sentences	 from
newspaper	 articles	 in	 order	 to	 send	 coded	 messages	 to	 compatriots	 living	 deep
undercover	in	distant	parts	of	the	world.
Directly	 after	 that	 was	 another	 article,	 with	 the	 same	 layout	 and	 the	 same	 photo
illustration,	a	self-shot	portrait	of	Leann	Hart	that	she	was	apparently	quite	pleased	with
and	so	had,	for	much	of	2003–2004,	used	as	illustration	for	most	of	her	feature	stories.
KING	CITY	TOTALLY	FINE	AND	BASICALLY
NOT	THAT	INTERESTING
JANUARY	23,	2003
BY	LEANN	HART

Senior	Political	Reporter
A	city	in	central	California	with	no	apparent	connections	to	our	town	of	Night	Vale
or	 the	 vast,	 flat	 desert	 in	 which	 we	 reside	 is	 totally	 fine.	 It	 has	 a	 population	 of
about	[a	brown	smudge]	and	an	unemployment	rate	of	[scribbled	out	with	pencil].
The	sun	shines	there,	much	as	it	does	here.	Sometimes	the	sun	does	not	shine,
and	people	there	refer	to	this	as	night.	In	this	respect,	and	in	all	others,	it	is	totally
normal.
We	at	the	Daily	Journal	are	not	clear	why	we	are	reporting	on	this	story,	as	the
fact	that	King	City	exists	is	not	in	and	of	itself	an	interesting	fact.	If	truth	be	told,
and	it	often	shouldn’t	be,	the	town	itself	is	not	interesting.
Good	mayor.
Citizens	 of	 King	 City,	 when	 asked	 via	 phone,	 wanted	 first	 to	 know	 who	 was
calling.
“Oh,	I’m	a	reporter,”	I	said.	“I	was	just	checking	to	see	if	you	had	anything	to
say.”
“Huh,”	 said	 the	 citizens.	 “Okay.	 Like,	 are	 you	 asking	 about	 something
specific?”
“No,	 no,	 no.	 I	 don’t	 even	 know	 what	 the	 story	 is	 here.	 Maybe	 if	 you	 started
talking	we’d	be	able	to	figure	that	out	together.”
“Most	people	don’t	ask	me	to	talk	about	anything,”	said	the	citizens.	“Well,	I
guess	my	job	isn’t	fulfilling,	but	I’m	not	unhappy	about	it.	I	never	expected	my	job
to	 be	 fulfilling.	 We’re	 told	 so	 often	 that	 employment	 won’t	 be	 fulfilling	 that	 the
surprise	would	be	if	it	suddenly	turned	out	to	be.	I’m	not	happy	about	it,	but	I’m
okay	with	it.”
“That	wasn’t	interesting	at	all,”	I	said.
“I’m	sorry.”
“Me	too.”
The	citizens	of	King	City	may	have	commented	further.	I	hung	up,	so	I	don’t
know.
I’m	 not	 sure	 what	 this	 information	 does	 for	 you	 exactly,	 but	 just	 know	 that
King	 City,	 a	 city	 in	 Monterey	 County,	 north	 of	 Mexico,	 south	 of	 Oregon,
underneath	the	sky,	over	a	lot	of	dirt,	and	then	over	a	different	part	of	the	sky,	is
doing	totally	fine.	Nothing	more	to	report.	It’s	been	a	slow	day	here.
As	 always,	 this	 article	 contains	 additional	 reporting	 by	 agents	 of	 various
unnamed	government	agencies	who	have	murdered	an	innocent	man	they	did	not
know	 just	 so	 that	 one	 of	 their	 fellow	 agents,	 out	 of	 contact	 but	 with	 access	 to	 a
newspaper,	 will	 read	 the	 man’s	 name	 and	 realize	 that	 the	 name	 of	 the	 murdered
man	is	itself	the	message.

Jackie	held	up	the	two	stories.	They	were	identical	in	every	way	except	the	reality	they
were	reporting	on.
“This	is	not	encouraging	at	all,”	said	Diane.
“Dude.”	Jackie	meant	a	lot	by	that,	but	she	had	no	other	way	to	say	it.
“And	this	doesn’t	help,”	Diane	said,	holding	up	the	photo	from	Troy’s	file.
“Nope.	Makes	everything	worse.	I	don’t	see	another	car.	You	need	a	ride?”
“Yes,	please.	I	walked	here.	I	needed	to	get	my	blood	pumping	for	a	library	trip.	But	I
think	I’ve	had	enough	for	today.”
“Yeah,”	said	Jackie.	She	found	there	was	nothing	to	add	to	that,	no	modifiers	or	scorn
or	jokes.	So	she	just	said	it	again.	“Yeah.”
Diane	studied	the	photo	as	Jackie	started	her	car.	Every	time	she	looked	at	it,	she	could
feel	her	head	start	to	throb.	Maybe	she	did	have	migraines.
“Can	you	develop	migraines	later	in	life?”	she	asked.
“Why	the	hell	do	people	keep	talking	to	me	about	migraines?”
“You	too?”
They	shared	a	confused	glance.
“Fine.	I	don’t	care.	I	don’t	need	another	stupid	mystery	to	solve,”	said	Jackie.
The	photo	in	Diane’s	hand	was	old,	yellowing	and	cracked,	and	bending	at	the	edges.
In	it,	there	was	a	man	who	was	definitely	Troy.	He	could	not	have	been	anyone	else.	He
had	his	arm	around	a	little	girl.	They	were	posed	in	the	middle	of	downtown	Night	Vale,
but	a	downtown	that	had	not	existed	for	probably	more	than	a	hundred	years.
Diane	studied	the	face,	blandly	handsome,	smiling	blandly.	Definitely	Troy.
“Maybe	we	should	talk	to	Leann	Hart,”	Jackie	said.
“Yeah.”	There	was	a	lot	she	could	add	to	that,	but	she	didn’t	have	the	energy.	So	Diane
just	said	it	again.	“Yeah.”
She	thought	she	might	throw	up.	If	not	right	then,	later.	At	some	point	in	her	life	she
would.	It	was	a	statistical	thing.

30

Diane	 and	 Jackie	 quietly	 read	 the	 clippings	 on	 the	 wall,	 displayed	 around	 a	 large,	 wellused	hatchet.	It	was	one	of	many	hatchets	Leann	Hart	kept	as	part	of	her	business.	It	was	a
failing	business,	but	Leann	kept	it	alive.
The	clippings	showcased	some	of	Night	Vale	Daily	Journal’s	most	famous	headlines:
Glow	Cloud	Threatens	Farms:
Dead	Animals	Falling	from	Sky
City	Council	Approves	Humming:
Private	Residences	Only,	Max	50	Decibels
Everything	Is	Fine
Totally	Fine
Carry	On
Feral	Dogs	Actually	Just	Plastic	Bags,	Says	Mayor
Scientists	Announce	“Relax.	Sun	Is	Not	Real.”
WORMS!

All	Hail	the	Glow	Cloud!
Wheat-Free	Night	Vale
Wheat	and	Its	By-Products	Turn	into	Snakes,	Cause	Deaths
Street-Cleaning	Day:	Run	for	Your	Lives.	Run!	Run!
As	editor	of	the	Night	Vale	Daily	Journal	for	the	past	three	decades,	Leann	had	been
present	for	the	steady	popularity	and	then	sudden	decline	of	print	news.
Many	 of	 her	 ideas	 were	 cost-effective	 (cutting	 back	 to	 four	 issues	 a	 week).	 Some
seemed	like	good	ideas	but	failed	for	unexpected	reasons	(replacing	newspapers	in	street
kiosks	with	2	percent	milk,	which	apparently	spoils	quickly	in	sunlight).	And	some	were
hugely	successful	(attacking	independent	news	bloggers	with	hatchets).
The	 last	 was	 a	 controversial	 decision,	 as	 attacking	 a	 person	 with	 a	 hatchet	 (with
anything	really)	is	technically	a	crime.	But	Leann	made	it	work	by	engaging	in	semiotic
arguments	with	law	enforcement	about	what	is	assault	and	what	is	a	business	plan.	One	of
her	 degrees	 is	 an	 MBA,	 she	 often	 told	 law	 enforcement	 officers.	 Few	 officers	 have	 an

MBA,	so	they	rarely	argued	with	her.
Leann’s	office	featured	an	entire	wall	of	hatchets,	held	up	at	angles	by	screws	drilled
into	 the	 faux	 wood	 paneling.	 Most	 of	 them	 were	 new	 and	 shiny.	 There	 were	 five	 in	 the
center	that	were	old,	with	curved	gray	wood	handles.	Their	heads	were	smaller	than	those
of	 the	 other	 hatchets.	 They	 were	 flinty,	 dull,	 with	 inscriptions	 depicting	 each	 of	 the	 five
Ws	of	Journalism	(What?	What!	What!?	What.	Why?).
On	 another	 wall	 were	 her	 college	 diplomas,	 both	 of	 which	 were	 handwritten	 in
Cyrillic.	 Neither	 could	 have	 been	 her	 MBA,	 as,	 since	 the	 early	 1960s,	 all	 MBA	 degrees
have	been	issued	via	subdermal	microchip.
Having	read	everything	on	the	wall	twice	over,	Jackie	broke	the	silence.	“Let	me	do
the	talking,	okay?”
“That’s	fine,”	Diane	said.
“I	mean,	you	can	if	you	want	to.”
“No,	really,	you	do	it.”
“You	obviously	want—”
“Hello.”
This	 last	 was	 from	 Leann,	 who	 had	 entered	 the	 room	 with	 her	 hatchet.	 Her	 voice
sounded	distant,	like	she	was	still	in	the	other	room	even	as	she	sat	on	a	couch	underneath
the	wall	of	hatchets	and	gestured	for	the	two	of	them	to	sit	across	from	her	in	the	smooth,
white	chairs.	(Were	those	ivory?	Unlikely,	especially	since	ivory	had	been	outlawed,	and
even	living	elephants	had	had	their	tusks	confiscated	by	strict	regulators.)	The	chairs	were
tall	and	rigid	with	thin	seat	pads	but	were	surprisingly	comfortable.	Diane	and	Jackie	did
their	best	not	to	move	around	much	in	them.	(Definitely	not	ivory.	Perhaps	some	kind	of
bone?	The	knots	where	the	legs	met	seemed	almost	like	joints.)
“Well?”	said	Leann.	Her	voice	sounded	even	farther	away,	like	she	was	shouting	from
down	a	long	corridor.
Diane	looked	at	Jackie,	who	was	looking	at	Diane.
“Go	ahead,”	Diane	said,	and	Jackie	laid	out	the	two	news	articles	about	King	City.
“Hi,	Leann.	I’m	Jackie,	and	this	is	Diane	C——”
Leann	snatched	the	articles	from	the	table	and	held	them	to	the	light.
“Where	did	you	get	these?”
“The	library.”
Leann	 widened	 her	 eyes	 and	 mouthed	 “Library.”	 It	 was	 not	 clear	 whether	 she	 was
impressed	or	skeptical.
“King	City,	huh?”	she	said.	“Quiet	town.	Suburban	without	the	urban.	Not	much	to	say
about	it.”

She	 set	 the	 articles	 down	 on	 the	 coffee	 table.	 Jackie	 opened	 her	 mouth,	 but	 Diane
spoke	first.
“But	what	about	this	other	article?	Which	article	is	telling	the	truth?”
Jackie	closed	her	mouth	and	looked	at	Diane.
“A	good	journalist	doesn’t	have	to	discuss	the	truth,”	said	Leann,	waving	toward	her
diplomas.	“Some	details	are	secret	or	off	the	record.”
“What—”	said	Jackie
“So	 what	 stuck	 out	 to	 you	 about	 this	 mayor?”	 Diane	 asked.	 “You	 don’t	 mention	 his
name	 in	 either	 article.	 You	 just	 say	 ‘Good	 mayor.’	 You	 wrote	 that	 here	 as	 an	 entire
paragraph:	‘Good	mayor.’”
“Well,	they	have	a	good	mayor,”	said	Leann.
“But—”	said	Jackie.
“Hang	 on,	 Jackie,”	 Diane	 said.	 “Leann,	 we	 need	 any	 information	 you	 have.	 This	 is
important.”
“And	why	is	it	so	important?”	said	Leann,	testing	the	edge	of	the	hatchet	against	her
finger.	It	drew	a	dot	of	blood	and	she	smiled.
“I	don’t	know	who	I	am	and	I	don’t	understand	the	progression	of	time	as	it	relates	to
me,”	said	Jackie.
Leann	nodded.	“We’ve	all	been	there.”
“I	lost	my	job,”	said	Diane.	“I’ve	distanced	myself	from	my	son.	I’m	teetering.	I	feel
like	the	breath	before	a	scream.”
“Listen	to	me,	young	ladies.”	(“Young	ladies,”	Diane	mouthed	but	did	not	interrupt.)
“Good	 reporting	 is	 not	 wasting	 words	 or	 space.	 I	 can’t	 afford	 the	 column	 inches	 to
describe	 every	 insignificant	 detail	 about	 a	 story	 or	 all	 the	 information	 that	 might	 be
pertinent.”
“But	what	about—”	said	Jackie,	but	Diane	spoke	over	her.
“We’ll	make	this	simple.	Which	of	those	two	stories	is	true?	Which	one	can	we	trust?”
Leann	thought	about	this.
“I	don’t	know.	Or	I	don’t	remember.	Or	a	journalist	never	reveals	her	secrets.”
“That’s	a	magician,”	Jackie	said.	“A	magician	never	reveals	her	secrets.”
“Isn’t	a	journalist	a	type	of	magician?”	said	Leann,	lifting	one	eyebrow.	The	effect	was
very	irritating.
“No,”	said	Jackie.	“Definitely	not,	no.”
“I	think	what	Jackie’s	trying	to	say,	Leann,	is	that—”
“I’m	trying	to	say	this,”	said	Jackie,	standing.

She	 reached	 over	 Leann’s	 shoulder,	 grabbed	 a	 hatchet	 (the	 one	 inscribed	 with
“What!?”).	 Jackie	 hefted	 the	 hatchet	 over	 her	 head	 and	 put	 her	 hand	 down	 on	 the	 table
between	all	of	them.	Before	either	of	the	other	women	could	do	anything	in	response,	she
swung	the	hatchet	down	and	chopped	the	slip	of	paper	in	her	hand	in	two.	Then	up	again,
this	time	a	series	of	quick,	light	hacks,	like	a	chef	cutting	up	a	chiffonade.	Once	the	slip
was	shredded,	she	swept	all	the	paper	off	the	table,	scattering	it	into	the	air	and	onto	the
thick	carpet.
“Look,”	Jackie	said.	She	held	up	the	intact	piece	of	paper	that	said	“KING	CITY.”
“Now,	 I	 need	 to	 know	 everything	 you	 know	 about	 this	 place,”	 she	 said,	 waving	 the
paper.
“How	did	you	do	that?”	Leann	said.
“A	magician	never	reveals.”
Diane	 had	 of	 course	 noticed	 the	 piece	 of	 paper	 in	 Jackie’s	 hand,	 but	 this	 was
confounding.	She	found	she	had	nothing	to	ask,	or	she	had	many	things	to	ask	but	no	way
to	voice	them.
“Why	didn’t	you	tell	me?”	was	all	Diane	could	say.
“There’s	a	lot	of	us	with	these	papers,”	said	Jackie.	“Diane,	I	saw	you	had	one,	but	I
don’t	know	what	you	did	with	it.”
“He	wanted	me	to	give	it	to	my	son.	But	I	didn’t.	I	threw	it	away.	Or	no,	I—I	don’t
remember	what	I	did	with	it.”
“Lucky.”	 Jackie	 dismissed	 Diane.	 “I	 keep	 mine	 in	 my	 hand,	 because	 it	 won’t	 leave.
Now,	Leann,	which	of	these	stories	is	true?	Do	you	have	any	idea?”
“I	imagine	they	both	are,”	said	Leann.	“I’m	imagining	that	because	I	don’t	have	any
idea.”
She	narrowed	her	eyes	to	better	assess	Jackie.	Definitely	impressed	this	time.
“You’ve	obviously	been	there,”	said	Jackie.	“You	wrote	two	articles	about	the	place.
Can	you	put	us	in	touch	with	anyone	there?”
“Oh	 no,	 I	 never	 actually	 went	 there	 or	 talked	 to	 anyone	 there.	 I’m	 a	 reporter,	 not	 a
snoop.”

31

Jackie	pulled	up	to	the	front	of	Diane’s	house.	She	looked	down	at	her	hand,	which	was
crumpling	 up	 the	 paper	 and	 then	 letting	 it	 spring	 open	 uncreased	 again	 and	 again.	 The
drive	had	been	quiet	since	she	told	Diane	the	story	of	the	paper.
“I	know	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket	you’re	talking	about,”	Diane	broke	the	silence.	“His
name	is	Evan.”
“If	you	say	so.	I	don’t	remember	the	name	he	gave	me.	Efran	maybe?”
“I	used	to	work	with	him,	I	think.	But	I’m	starting	to	feel	that	what	we	think	may	not
be	the	most	reliable	test	of	truth.”
“John	Peters.	You	know,	the	farmer?	He	told	me	that	you	were	involved	with	the	man
in	the	tan	jacket.”
“John	said	that?”
“Well,	nah,	not	outright.	But	he	implied	it,	sure.”
Diane	shook	her	head.
“That	man.	He	always	loves	to	be	ahead	of	the	gossip.	So	much	so	I	think	he	makes	up
half	of	it.”
“All	of	these	men,”	said	Jackie.	“Each	one	carrying	a	mystery	that’s	not	as	interesting
as	he	thinks.	I	don’t	want	their	mysteries.	I	want	a	life	on	an	even	level.”
Diane	nodded.	Jackie’s	exhaustion	was	also	her	own.
“Or	maybe	I	want	to	grow	older,”	Jackie	said.	“Maybe	that	is	what	I	want.	But	I	want
to	do	it	because	I’m	ready,	not	because	someone	else	is	ready	for	me.”
She	found	that	when	she	looked	at	Diane	now,	she	saw	a	woman	who,	yes,	happened
to	 be	 older	 than	 her,	 but,	 yes,	 also	 had	 her	 own	 worries,	 her	 own	 worrying	 lot	 in	 life.
Jackie	softened	her	voice.
“Who	are	we	following,	Diane?	Who’s	the	blond	man	at	the	diner?	And	at	the	bank
and	the	movie	theater	and	who	knows	where	else?”
“He’s	a	police	officer	too,”	said	Diane.
It’s	amazing	how	much	a	roll	of	dimes	weighs,	the	house	thought.
“So	who	is	he?”
“Josh’s	father.	Left	town	when	Josh	was	born.”

“Asshole.”
Diane	smiled.	She	hadn’t	talked	about	Troy	leaving	since	shortly	after	it	happened.	It
always	 felt	 somehow	 like	 a	 mistake	 she	 had	 made.	 An	 embarrassing	 moment	 for	 her.
Jackie’s	response	was	honest	and	simple,	and	in	just	two	syllables	put	all	the	onus	on	Troy.
After	all	the	back-and-forth	with	Josh,	the	weird	business	at	work,	it	felt	good	to	have
a	person	on	her	side.
“He	 showed	 up	 again	 recently.	 I	 don’t	 know	 why	 he	 did.	 I’m	 worried	 that	 he	 wants
back	 in	 Josh’s	 life.	 And	 of	 course	 Josh	 is	 interested	 in	 knowing	 his	 dad,	 whatever	 that
word	means.”
“Ah,	 let	 him.	 He’ll	 just	 find	 out	 his	 dad’s	 a	 jerk.	 Like,	 Troy	 was	 cute.	 You	 got
pregnant.	He	skipped	town.	He’s	an	asshole.	Josh	can	figure	all	that	out	on	his	own.	He’s
not	much	younger	than	me.”
He	wasn’t,	it	was	true.	The	limited	scale	of	the	human	life	startled	Diane.	There	was	so
little	 actual	 time	 between	 ages	 that	 felt	 vastly	 different.	 She	 had	 categorized	 Jackie	 as
different	than	Josh,	and	herself	as	different	than	Jackie,	but	the	span	of	years	between	any
two	of	them	wasn’t	much	of	a	span	at	all.
“None	 of	 us	 knows	 what	 we	 want	 to	 do	 when	 we’re	 his	 age.	 When	 we’re	 your	 age,
when	 you’re	 my	 age,”	 said	 Diane,	 “any	 age,	 I	 guess.	 We	 think	 we	 do,	 and	 sometimes
we’re	right,	but	only	ever	in	retrospect.”
Her	tone	was	halfway	between	reminiscence	and	lecture.	Jackie	sighed	but	let	her	talk.
She	knew	that	messages	were	for	the	sender,	not	the	receiver.
“Troy	and	I	loved	each	other.	We	called	it	‘unconditional	love,’	which	was	true.	Once
conditions	arose,	the	love	dissipated.”
“Everything	that’s	happened	has	gotten	me	thinking	about	a	lot	of	stuff	I’ve	tried	hard
to	not	think	about.	Like,	I’ve	never	loved	anyone,”	said	Jackie.	“Not	that	I	can	remember.
I	know	this	town,	but	I	don’t	feel	like	I’m	on	the	same	time	scale	as	it.	Something	went
off.”
“Love	is	hard,”	said	Diane,	who	hadn’t	really	listened	to	what	Jackie	had	said.	“I	wish
Josh	could	love	his	father	conditionally.”
“The	kid	is	smart.	He’ll	know	what	to	do.”
“How	old	are	you,	Jackie?	If	you	don’t	mind.”
“Nineteen,	I	guess.”
“You	guess?”
“I	don’t	feel	nineteen.”	Jackie	looked	out	the	window	at	the	houses	across	the	street
that	were	thinking	nothing	at	all.	“A	woman	who	calls	herself	Mom	asked	me	about	stuff
from	when	I	was	a	kid,	but	I	couldn’t	remember	any	of	it.	People	think	I’m	a	child,	but	if
so,	I’ve	been	a	child	for	a	long	time.	I	don’t	know	how	old	I	am.”

Talking	about	this	made	Jackie	feel	like	she	was	looking	down	from	somewhere	high,
or	like	she	was	staring	straight	up	at	a	cloudless	point	of	sky.
“People	 look	 at	 me	 and	 call	 me	 a	 girl	 or	 tell	 me	 I’m	 too	 young	 to	 run	 a	 pawnshop.
They	wonder	how	I’m	able	to	handle	a	tough	business	like	that,	and	I	don’t	know.	I	just
do.	Always	have.	It’s	the	only	thing	I	know	how	to	do.	Far	as	I	can	tell	I’ve	been	doing	it
for	centuries.”
“Well,	when	you’re	nineteen,	everything	feels	like	forever,”	Diane	said,	staring	at	the
dash	and	lightly	touching	the	air-conditioning	vent.	“I	don’t	know.	Did	you	ever	think	of
just	turning	twenty?”
“I	gotta	go,”	Jackie	said.
“Okay.”
“Meaning	this	is	my	car.”
“Right.”
Diane	grabbed	her	belongings.
“Hey,”	she	said.	“I	said	I	was	going	to	let	you	ask	the	questions	at	Leann’s,	and	then	I
didn’t	let	you.	That	wasn’t	right	of	me.”
“Guess	we	all	suck	sometimes.”
Diane	and	Jackie	held	a	look	for	a	moment,	and	this	changed	nothing	about	how	they
felt	about	each	other.	But	there	was	a	kind	of	simple	peace	that	came	from	holding	a	gaze.
Diane	broke	it	off	and	shut	the	door.	As	she	raised	her	hand	to	wave	and	opened	her
mouth	to	say	“Good-bye,”	Jackie’s	car	drove	off.
She	walked	into	the	house,	set	her	things	down,	and	turned	on	the	radio.	Cecil’s	voice
relaxed	her.	He	was	announcing	some	upcoming	events	in	town.	There	was	a	new	exhibit
at	the	Museum	of	Forbidden	Technologies	that	sounded	interesting.	Unfortunately,	Diane
had	never	been	able	to	go	to	the	museum	because	all	of	its	exhibits	are	classified,	and	no
one	is	allowed	to	see	them.	It	is	a	felony	to	go	to	that	museum.
Diane	flipped	through	the	day’s	mail	as	Cecil	continued	on.	It	didn’t	matter	what	he
said.	The	world	is	terrifying.	It	always	is.	But	Cecil	reminded	her	that	it	was	okay	to	relax
in	a	terrifying	world.
The	mail	was	junk:	a	couple	of	furniture	catalogs,	a	credit	card	offer,	a	dead	mouse,
and	 a	 flyer	 with	 coupons	 for	 50	 percent	 off	 the	 moon.	 The	 faceless	 old	 woman	 who
secretly	 lives	 in	 her	 home	 had	 censored	 the	 credit	 card	 offer,	 using	 charcoal	 to	 blot	 out
entire	lines	and	amounts.	Diane	looked	through	the	coupons,	considering	what	a	great	deal
it	would	be	if	anyone	actually	wanted	the	moon.	It’s	a	hideous	rock,	Diane	thought.	You
couldn’t	pay	me	to	take	it.
The	moon	is	a	trick	of	light	suggested	to	us	by	the	seas,	the	house	thought.
From	the	radio,	Diane	heard	the	word	“Chuckwalla.”	This	was	the	street	she	lived	on.

She	stopped	thinking	about	the	moon	and	the	mail	and	made	her	way	to	the	living	room.
She	stared	at	the	radio.	In	lieu	of	her	ears’	inability	to	open	up,	she	widened	her	eyes	to
better	hear	Cecil’s	voice.	She	listened	to	what	he	had	to	say,	moving	from	distant	unease
to	personal	unease	to	panic.
There	are	not	a	lot	of	blue	Mazda	coupes	with	double	red	stripes.	Diane	had	just	been
sitting	in	one.
There	are	quite	a	few	burgundy	Ford	hatchbacks.	Diane	owned	one	of	them.
Everything	she	was	afraid	of	was	happening	at	once.	She	was	only	afraid	of	one	thing.
“No,”	 she	 shouted.	 She	 shouted	 it	 over	 and	 over	 because	 she	 didn’t	 know	 what	 she
could	do	to	change	anything	and	at	least	shouting	made	her	feel	better.	No	one	could	hear
except	the	house	and	the	faceless	old	woman	who	secretly	lives	in	it.
Diane	opened	the	door	to	her	garage.	She	turned	on	the	light.	There	was	no	burgundy
Ford	hatchback.
“Goddammit,	Josh.”
Diane	ran	to	Josh’s	room.	She	knocked.	She	knocked	again.	She	opened	his	door.	He
was	not	there.
She	worried	for	Jackie’s	safety.	She	seethed	over	Josh’s	disobedience.
Josh	 did	 not	 answer	 his	 phone.	 Neither	 did	 Jackie.	 The	 calls	 went	 straight	 to	 voice
mail.
Diane	texted	both	of	them.	No	response.	She	ran	out	her	front	door,	down	Chuckwalla
Road,	past	several	crisscrossing	streets,	toward	the	crash.
Is	the	roof	the	head	of	the	house,	or	the	hair,	or	is	it	a	hat?	thought	the	house.
“This	 is	 just	 the	 start	 of	 it,”	 whispered	 the	 faceless	 old	 woman	 from	 behind	 Diane’s
washing	machine.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 …	 accident	 at	 the	 corner	 of	 Lampasas	 Avenue	 and	 Chuckwalla	 Road.	 All
westbound	lanes	of	Lampasas	are	shut	down,	and	EMTs	are	at	the	scene.
While	there	is	only	one	damaged	car	at	the	scene,	a	blue	Mazda	coupe	with	double	red
stripes,	 which	 rode	 up	 the	 median	 and	 wrecked	 headlong	 into	 a	 light	 pole,	 witnesses
described	a	second	car,	a	burgundy	Ford	hatchback,	that	had	run	the	Mazda	off	the	road
and	then	sped	away.	The	driver	of	the	Mazda—a	woman	in	her	late	teens,	early	twenties—
was	taken	to	the	hospital.
There	are	no	other	reported	injuries.
The	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police	 are	 suspecting	 this	 may	 have	 been	 a	 hit-and-run	 and	 are
asking	 anyone	 with	 information	 to	 contact	 them.	 They’re	 also	 using	 this	 time	 to	 learn	 a
little	bit	more	about	three-dimensional	chalk	art.
Several	of	the	officers	have	already	drawn	an	orca	leaping	above	a	frothy	ocean	wave.
The	 whole	 thing’s	 like	 ten	 feet	 wide.	 It’s	 remarkable	 because	 it	 looks	 not	 only
photorealistic	but	also	like	the	whale	is	coming	right	out	of	the	street.	Very	impressive	to
have	drawn	that	in	the	last	fifteen	minutes	while	also	investigating	a	major	accident.	Wow.
And	now	a	word	from	our	sponsors.
Having	trouble	sleeping?	Are	you	awake	at	all	hours?	Do	birds	live	in	you?	Are	you
crawling	with	insects?	Is	your	skin	jagged	and	hard?	Are	you	covered	in	leaves	and	gently
shaking	in	the	gentle	breeze?
You	sound	like	a	tree.	You	are	perfectly	healthy.	Also,	you	don’t	need	to	sleep.	You’re
a	tree,	a	very	very	smart	tree.	Are	you	listening	to	the	radio?	Is	a	human	assisting	you?
What	 plan	 do	 you	 have	 for	 our	 weak	 species?	 Please,	 tree,	 I	 beg	 of	 you	 to	 spare	 me.
Please,	tree.	Spare	me.
This	 message	 has	 been	 brought	 to	 you	 by	 Old	 Navy.	 Old	 Navy:	 What’s	 Going	 to
Happen	to	My	Family?

32

Jackie	woke	up	confused,	as	is	usual.	Sleep	is	confusing.	Dreams	are	baffling.	The	concept
of	transitioning	from	one	perceived	reality	to	another	is	a	tolerated	madness.
So	far,	normal.
But	the	beeping	and	the	various	clear	lines	with	fluid	in	them,	those	weren’t	right.	The
cot	she	was	in	was	not	her	bed.	She	tried	to	move	and	felt	someone	pull	at	her	arm.	Their
fingernails	 were	 sharp,	 tugging	 at	 her	 skin.	 She	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 IV	 in	 her	 arm,	 not
understanding	what	she	was	seeing.
A	nurse	came	in.
“Look	who’s	awake,”	the	nurse	said	brightly.	All	the	cameras	in	the	room	obediently
turned	 to	 look.	 There	 were	 several	 cameras	 in	 the	 room.	 In	 this	 way,	 it	 was	 like	 every
other	room	in	Night	Vale.
“Where	the	hell	is	this?”
“You	had	a	touch	of	an	accident,”	the	nurse	said.	“I	wouldn’t	worry	about	it.	But	then
it	didn’t	happen	to	me.	You	should	probably	worry.	Have	a	great	day!”
She	 trilled	 this	 and	 whisked	 out	 the	 door.	 She	 was	 the	 type	 of	 person	 to	 trill	 and	 to
whisk.
The	 hospital	 room	 was	 small.	 Just	 a	 sink	 and	 a	 cabinet	 of	 supplies	 and	 a	 window
looking	out	on	the	abandoned	coal	mine.	The	hospital	had	been	built	next	to	the	mine	for
the	convenience	of	the	mining	company	and	their	many,	many	injured	miners.	It	was	not	a
safe	 mine.	 Fortunately	 it	 had	 been	 closed	 down	 years	 ago	 after	 a	 great	 deal	 of	 public
outcry.	 Now	 it	 had	 been	 converted	 into	 a	 prison	 for	 the	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police	 to	 keep
people	who	didn’t	vote	correctly	in	municipal	elections,	its	sordid	past	long	behind	it.
Between	 the	 door	 and	 the	 window	 was	 Jackie’s	 bed,	 and	 on	 it,	 her.	 Above	 her	 were
several	cameras	and	a	loudspeaker.	Her	left	arm	was	in	a	cast.	How	did	she	get	here?
The	loudspeaker	crackled.	An	authoritative	voice	of	indefinite	gender	issued	from	it.
“Ask	your	doctor	if	she	has	a	plan	for	the	future,”	the	loudspeaker	said.	“Ask	her	what
it	is.	Criticize	it.”
“Hello?”	Jackie	said.
There	was	a	doctor	next	to	her.	The	doctor	had	presumably	entered	through	the	door
and	walked	up	to	her.	Jackie	just	hadn’t	seen	the	doctor	do	that.

The	doctor	rubbed	her	hands	together.
“Well,	what	do	we	have	here?”
The	doctor	was	washing	her	hands,	although	Jackie	did	not	remember	her	walking	to
the	sink.	Then	she	was	by	the	bed	again,	her	face	quite	close.	There	were	no	transitions,
just	her	in	one	place	and	then	the	other.
“You’ve	been	in	a	terrible	accident.	Are	you	in	a	lot	of	pain?”
“I	don’t	know.	No?”
“We	 have	 you	 on	 a	 lot	 of	 drugs.	 The	 drugs	 keep	 you	 from	 feeling	 the	 pain.	 But	 the
pain	is	there.	You’ll	have	to	believe	me.	But	can	I	tell	you	a	secret?”
Jackie	wasn’t	sure.
“Yes?”
“The	 secret	 is	 that	 you	 don’t	 have	 to	 believe	 me.	 You	 have	 no	 reason	 to	 trust	 me	 at
all.”
The	 doctor	 winked,	 and	 then	 she	 was	 gone	 again.	 Or	 she	 walked	 out	 the	 door,	 is
presumably	what	she	did,	only	Jackie	hadn’t	noticed	her	leaving.
The	loudspeaker	came	alive	again.
“Ask	your	doctor	a	question	only	she	would	know	the	answer	to.
“Ask	your	doctor	if	you’ll	be	able	to	play	the	piano	after.	After	everything.	After	it’s
all	 finished	 and	 there’s	 nothing	 left.	 Will	 you	 be	 able	 to	 play	 the	 piano	 then?	 Ask	 your
doctor	that.”
“Sorry,”	the	doctor	said.	She	was	hovering	over	Jackie	again.	“We’re	not	sure	how	to
turn	that	off.”
She	waved	vaguely	at	everything	in	the	room,	including	Jackie.
“You’ll	have	some	trouble	for	a	while,”	she	said.	“It	will	be	difficult.	You	might	notice
some	 problems	 with	 walking	 and	 with	 life	 in	 general.	 You	 should	 look	 at	 the	 sky	 and
scream	about	how	empty	it	is	at	least	twice	a	day.”
“What	kind	of	accident?”	said	Jackie.
The	doctor	smiled.“The	accidental	kind,”	she	whispered.	She	was	gone	again.
“There	was	a	slip	of	paper	in	my	hand.	Where	is	it?”	Jackie	asked	the	empty	room.	“I
can’t	feel	it.	I	can’t	feel	it	in	the	cast.”
The	nurse	came	bustling	in.	She	was	the	kind	of	person	to	bustle.
“Did	you	find	a	slip	of	paper	in	my	hand?”	Jackie	said.
“Do	not	fret	for	a	sec,”	she	chirped.	“Before	we	put	the	cast	on,	I	set	that	paper	safe
and	sound	in	this	box	here.”
Jackie	 used	 whatever	 energy	 she	 had	 to	 sit	 up.	 Her	 face	 was	 warm.	 The	 nurse	 felt

around	in	the	box,	frowning.	Then	she	held	it	upside	down.	She	smiled	at	Jackie.
“Looks	like	it’s	gone.	Sorry,	dear.	You	look	sad.	Was	it	important?”
Jackie	felt	the	blood	leave	her	face.	She	couldn’t	feel	the	paper	in	her	hand,	but	she
knew.
The	nurse	shrugged	and	then	zipped	out	the	door	(she	was	the	kind	of	person	to	zip,
too).
Jackie	moved	her	fingers	inside	the	cast.	Her	fingers	hurt	so	bad.	It	served	them	right
for	going	numb	and	making	her	hope	that	the	paper	was	finally	gone.
Various	 machines	 beeped.	 None	 of	 them	 seemed	 to	 be	 attached	 to	 her.	 There	 was	 a
gurgle	from	the	loudspeaker.
“Ask	 your	 doctor	 a	 direct	 question	 with	 an	 unambiguous	 answer.	 Try	 to	 get	 your
doctor	to	commit	to	something	for	once	in	her	life.
“Ask	 your	 doctor	 a	 rhetorical	 question	 and	 spread	 your	 hands	 out	 despairingly.	 Put
your	doctor	in	a	position	where	he	feels	he	can’t	help	you	even	if	he	can.”
Jackie	was	alone.
The	doctor	was	standing	beside	her.
“You’ll	 be	 fine.	 I	 think,”	 the	 doctor	 said.	 “I	 don’t	 know	 you,	 though.	 Maybe	 you’ll
make	 a	 lot	 of	 mistakes	 and	 end	 up	 horribly	 unhappy.	 But	 the	 injuries	 will	 go	 away
eventually.	That’s	the	good	news.	There	is	also	bad	news.”
Jackie	was	alone	again.
The	voice	from	the	loudspeaker	came	out	as	a	whisper.
“Ask	your	doctor	why.	Say	it	like	that:	‘Why?’	See	if	you	can	find	out	for	us,	okay?
See	if	you	can	find	out	why.”
The	machines	beeped.	Jackie	closed	her	eyes	and	returned	to	the	relative	normalcy	of
dreams.

33

Diane	stood	near	Jackie.	She	had	first	gone	to	the	accident	site,	but	there	wasn’t	much	to
see.	Just	some	skid	marks	and	an	elaborate	piece	of	3-D	chalk	art.	Then	she	had	a	cab	take
her	by	a	few	of	Josh’s	favorite	hangouts	(the	video	store,	the	Desert	Flower	Bowling	Alley
and	Arcade	Fun	Complex,	the	sand	wastes	outside	of	town),	but	he	hadn’t	been	at	any	of
them.	He	was	probably	(if	he	was	not	injured	as	well,	but	she	couldn’t	bear	to	even	think
of	that)	at	one	of	his	father’s	several	jobs,	doing	exactly	what	Diane	didn’t	want	him	to	do.
There	would	be	consequences	when	Josh	came	home	tonight.	There	would	be	a	reckoning.
In	the	meantime,	she	needed	to	see	how	Jackie	was	doing.	It	had	been	Josh,	not	her,
that	had	done	this,	but	still	Diane	felt	the	guilt	personally,	as	though	she	herself	had	been
at	the	wheel.
Jackie	 had	 broken	 off	 the	 tip	 of	 the	 plastic	 knife	 the	 nurse	 had	 given	 her	 with	 her
dinner	and	was	using	the	jagged	edge	to	hack	away	at	her	arm	cast.
She	had	not	seen	Diane	come	in,	but	she	had	grown	used	to	that.	Most	results	have	no
visible	causation.	You	wake	up,	and	there’s	a	friendly	face	above	you,	or	a	part	of	you	you
had	 never	 seen	 and	 will	 never	 see	 again	 has	 been	 taken	 from	 you,	 or	 a	 part	 of	 you	 you
never	had	before	you	now	have.	This	is	how	hospitals	work.
Everything	about	Jackie	looked	sore	to	Diane.	Her	skin	hung	from	her	skull,	her	hair
lay	flat.	Even	her	teeth	looked	loose.	Her	neck	and	face	were	still	covered	in	angry	purple
blotches	from	the	librarian’s	poison.	What	little	strength	Jackie	had	was	being	used	to	cut
at	her	freshly	cast	cast.
Diane	had	a	cast	when	she	was	twelve.	She	had	fallen	out	of	a	tree	and	broken	her	leg.
This	is	a	common	injury	for	children,	as	trees	dislike	young	humans	and	are	notorious	for
picking	them	up	and	dropping	them	if	they	get	too	close.	She	had	been	grabbed	by	a	ficus
tree	in	her	mom’s	office.	Ficus	trees	are	not	tall	trees,	but	they	are	muscular	trees,	stronger
than	 they	 look.	 Diane	 had	 been	 able	 to	 break	 its	 grasp,	 but	 when	 she	 fell,	 she	 stumbled
forward	to	the	top	of	some	steps,	where	she	tumbled	down	to	the	lower	floor,	landing	on
that	floor’s	emergency	secret	trapdoor,	which	had	opened	up	onto	the	basement’s	jagged
rock	pile.	She	had,	like	most	people,	feared	and	loathed	houseplants	ever	since.
“It	itches	like	crazy,	I	know,”	she	said.
“Not	 trying	 to	 scratch	 it.	 I’m	 looking	 to	 see	 if	 that	 paper	 is	 still	 there.”	 Jackie	 had
gotten	a	good-size	hole	in	the	cast.	“But	now	it	also	itches,	thanks.”
“Ask	your	doctor	if	he	is	a	cop.	He	is	legally	required	to	disclose	this	information	if

you	ask,”	the	loudspeaker	said.
The	nurse	buzzed	into	the	room.
“Oh,	 it	 looks	 like	 the	 cast	 didn’t	 set	 right,”	 the	 nurse	 singsonged	 as	 Jackie	 openly
hacked	away,	using	the	full	motion	of	her	arm	to	chisel	at	the	plaster.	“We’ll	just	have	to
reset	that,	won’t	we?”
Jackie	 put	 her	 swollen,	 sunken	 eye	 up	 to	 the	 hole	 in	 the	 cast.	 She	 couldn’t	 see
anything.	She	sawed	at	the	frayed	edge	of	the	hole	with	the	impotent	edge	of	the	knife.
“I	think	I	almost	got	it.”
“Ask	your	doctor	if	she	is	you.	Ask	your	doctor	if	everyone	is	in	your	mind.	Ask	your
doctor	for	tips	for	living	in	lucid	dreams,”	the	loudspeaker	said.
“Reset	the	cast,”	the	nurse	said	with	a	voice	like	a	tolling	church	bell,	her	arm	landing
hard	on	Jackie’s	free	hand.	“Reset	the	cast.”
The	nurse’s	pupils	went	vertical,	and	Jackie	let	go	of	the	knife,	relaxing	her	hand.
“I	would	rather	have	the	pain	than	the	fatigue,”	she	said.
Her	head	rolled	back	and	her	arms	flopped	open.
“Just	relax,”	the	nurse	said,	although	she	was	no	longer	in	the	room.
“You	don’t	look	well,”	Diane	said.
“I	don’t	feel	well.”
“How	long	are	you	supposed	to	stay	here?”
“Dunno.	 Probably	 until	 tomorrow	 morning.	 Maybe	 tonight.	 Didn’t	 even	 know	 this
place	was	still	open.	Did	you?”
Diane	did	not,	but	she	was	too	distracted	by	her	worry	for	Jackie	and	her	frustration
with	Josh	to	care.
“What	happened?”
“Driving	up	Chuckwalla,	leaving	your	house.	I	got	to	Lampasas.	Then	all	of	a	sudden,
I’m	lying	in	this	cot.”
“You	didn’t	see	the	car	that	hit	you?”	Seeing	Jackie’s	condition,	Diane	began	to	worry
more	about	how	Josh	was	doing.	And	why	hadn’t	he	stopped	after	the	accident?
“Nope.”
“I’m	sorry	about	earlier.	I	think	I	upset	you.	I	can’t	talk	to	younger	people.	I’ve	failed	a
lot	with	Josh.”
“Here’s	the	problem,	dude.	You	keep	seeing	me	as	a	number,	and	I’m	not	that.	Or	not
just	that.	Or,	oh,	I	don’t	know.	Jesus,	everything	hurts.”
“Jackie,	 I	 want	 to	 help	 you	 find	 the	 man	 from	 King	 City.	 There’s	 a	 directness,	 a
forcefulness	to	you	that	I	just	don’t	have.	I	need	that.	I	need	you	to	help	me	understand

what	Troy	and	Evan	and	all	the	rest	want	with	Josh.	I	need	to	protect	my	son.”
“I’m	tired,	Diane.”	Jackie	wanted	to	yawn,	but	her	jaw	couldn’t	open	wide	enough.
“He’s	my	son,	Jackie.	You	need	to	…	I’m	sorry.	I	can	come	back	later.”
“No,	in	general.	Tired.	Broken.”
She	 held	 up	 her	 cast,	 newly	 reset,	 although	 the	 nurse	 had	 never	 come	 back	 into	 the
room.
“When	this	comes	off,	I’ll	be	holding	a	paper	that	says	‘KING	CITY,’	and	I’ll	keep	on
holding	 it	 for	 centuries,	 not	 growing	 old,	 not	 growing	 at	 all,	 still	 in	 Night	 Vale,	 like	 I
always	have	been.	I’m	never	going	to	get	my	life	back.	I’m	never	going	to	get	a	life.	I’ll
be	nineteen-year-old	Jackie	Fierro,	no	purpose,	one	slip	of	paper,	forever.”
Her	 entire	 body	 was	 a	 vibration	 of	 pain	 and	 frustration.	 Diane	 was	 silent.	 The	 nurse
came	in,	pacing	back	and	forth	at	the	foot	of	the	bed.	After	a	couple	minutes,	Jackie	fell
asleep,	from	the	drugs	and	from	the	energy	spent	on	her	speech.
The	 television	 turned	 itself	 on	 to	 talk	 about	 some	 local	 weather	 issues.	 The	 news
anchors	 bantered	 back	 and	 forth	 about	 what	 weather	 they	 liked	 best.	 One	 said	 “warm
sunshine”	while	the	other	said	“cool	sunshine.”	They	both	laughed,	and	the	ground	shook
a	little	bit.
“How’s	she	doing,	Diane?”	one	anchor	whispered	to	Diane.
“She’s	having	a	tough	go	of	it,	but	she’s	going	to	be	okay,	I	think.”
“That’s	good	to	hear.”
“It	sure	is,	Tim,”	said	the	other	anchor.	“How	are	you,	Diane?	How’s	Josh	doing?”	A
picture	 of	 Josh	 appeared	 in	 the	 top	 left	 corner	 of	 the	 screen.	 In	 this	 picture,	 he	 was	 a
French	press	coffeemaker.
“That	your	son?”	Jackie	managed.	She	was	awake	again,	but	barely.
“Yes.”	Diane	felt	concern.	No,	not	concern,	dread.	No,	not	dread,	terror.
“Looks	just	like	you.”	Saying	this	seemed	to	take	a	lot	out	of	Jackie.	She	closed	her
eyes	again.
“He’s	fine,”	Diane	said	to	Trinh.	“He’s	fine,”	she	said	again,	as	if	that	made	it	more
true	than	before.
“We	heard	he	was	on	a	search	for	his	birth	father,”	Tim	said.
“Yes,	exactly	yes,”	Trinh	agreed.
“Josh	and	I	have	been	talking	about	it.	I	don’t	want	him	looking	for	his	father.	But	the
important	thing	is—”
There	 was	 an	 orchestral	 fanfare	 from	 the	 TV,	 cutting	 her	 off.	 An	 animated	 graphic
flashed	on	the	screen,	below	Josh’s	photo.	The	graphic	said,	TEEN	SLEUTH.	The	letters	were
red	 and	 yellow	 with	 a	 silver-lined	 bevel,	 and	 there	 was	 a	 grotesque	 digital	 arpeggio

hammering	home	each	letter	as	it	appeared.
Diane	rubbed	her	forehead.	“Is	this	going	out	to	everyone?”
“More	 news	 tonight	 on	 local	 teen	 Josh	 Crayton,	 the	 amateur	 sleuth	 in	 search	 of	 his
birth	father,”	Tim	said.
“We’re	getting	reports	now	that	the	junior	private	eye	has	gone	missing,”	Trinh	said.
For	emphasis,	the	word	MISSING	appeared	over	Josh’s	photo.
“What?”	Diane	stood	up.	“No,	he’s	just	driving	around	looking	for	his	father.	It’s	only
been	a	couple	hours.”
“For	 a	 report	 on	 this	 breaking	 story,”	 Tim	 said,	 “we	 go	 now	 to	 Ben,	 who	 is	 live	 at
Night	Vale	General	Hospital.”
“Yes,	 thank	 you,	 Tim,”	 another	 voice	 said.	 “I’m	 reporting	 live	 from	 just	 outside	 the
ICU	of	NV	General.”
She	could	hear	Ben’s	voice	both	live	outside	the	door	and	a	few	seconds	later	from	the
television.	She	felt	like	there	was	a	gap	where	her	chest	had	been.
“Are	you	guys	…”	She	turned.	The	nurse	was	gone.	Jackie	was	asleep.
Diane	cried.	As	long	as	you	have	some	control	over	your	situation,	her	father	used	to
tell	her	unhelpfully,	there’s	no	need	to	cry,	only	to	take	action.	That	statement	made	sense
right	up	until	the	tears	came.
“Jackie.”	Diane’s	voice	cracked.	“Are	you	hearing	this?”
There	was	a	knock	at	the	door.
“Can	we	come	in,	Diane?”	said	the	voice	behind	the	door.
“What’s	up?”	Jackie	said,	her	eyes	still	closed.
“Can	we	come	in,	Diane?”	the	same	voice	repeated	from	the	television.
“The	TV	news.	They	say	Josh	has	gone	missing.”
Jackie	 opened	 her	 eyes	 and	 forced	 her	 body	 into	 an	 upright	 position.	 Her	 face	 went
pale	with	the	effort	and	pain.
Diane	 was	 still	 crying,	 and	 did	 not	 cover	 her	 face.	 She	 let	 the	 tears	 fall	 openly.	 She
thought	of	all	the	minutes,	each	individual	minute,	that	she	had	left	Josh	home	alone	while
she	had	chased	useless	ghosts	all	over	town.	If	she	had	been	home,	he	wouldn’t	be	gone.
The	Ben	on	the	television	screen	was	knocking	on	a	hospital	room	door.
Jackie	turned	her	legs	off	the	bed	with	slow,	careful	effort.	“He’s	a	teenager.	Probably
ran	away	for	a	little	bit.	Call	him.	Get	in	a	cab.	Get	home.	Call	him.”
“He	wouldn’t	have	run	away.	He	just	took	the	car	without	telling	me.	That’s	all.”
“Sometimes	kids	run	away.	You	can	sit	here	watching	the	TV	talk	about	it,	or	you	can
do	something.”

Diane’s	 tears	 stopped.	 Her	 dry	 red	 eyes	 looked	 into	 Jackie’s	 tired,	 bruised	 eyes.	 She
eased	Jackie	back	into	bed,	gently	helped	her	lie	down,	and	pulled	the	cover	up	over	her.
She	placed	her	hand	on	Jackie’s	forehead	and	stroked	her	temple.	Jackie	let	her	eyes	close
again.
“You’re	 right,”	 Diane	 said,	 trying	 to	 keep	 her	 panic	 from	 showing.	 “Okay.	 Okay.
Okay.”
Jackie	closed	her	eyes	and	was	instantly	asleep	again.
Diane	 opened	 the	 door	 and	 walked	 out	 into	 a	 completely	 empty	 hallway,	 hurrying
toward	the	elevator.	Behind	her	on	the	TV,	Ben	stood	in	an	identical	hallway	frantically
knocking	on	an	identical	door.
“Ms.	Crayton,	a	word	about	your	missing	son,”	the	reporter	on	the	screen	said	into	his
microphone,	pounding	on	the	door.	“Ms.	Crayton,	are	you	in	there?”
Diane	stood	in	the	elevator	as	the	doors	slid	shut	on	an	unpopulated	and	silent	hallway.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	“…	the	hospital,	which	of	course	closed	down	years	ago	and	is	not	being	run	by
recognized	medical	professionals,	or	even	by	anyone	who	is,	or	ever	was,	alive.	Do	not	go
in	there.	Do	not	go,”	the	press	release	for	the	new	Ralphs	deli	counter	concluded.	Well,	I
for	one	can’t	wait	to	get	a	sandwich	there.
And	now	a	look	at	traffic.
There	is	a	man	with	a	gray	pin-striped	suit	covered	in	dirt.	His	hands	are	more	dirty
than	the	rest	of	him,	but	they	are	differently	dirty.	They	are	covered	in	rust-colored	streaks.
The	last	few	days	have	been	unclear	to	him.
There	was	a	time	when	his	life	had	seemed	like	a	hallway	proceeding	to	a	door.	Now	it
was	a	garden	littered	with	rocks.
How	did	his	hands	get	dirty?	He	couldn’t	remember.	But	the	question	made	him	drive
faster	in	his	nice	car,	even	as	he	did	not	know	why.
He	was	in	a	desert.	He	kept	looking	at	the	mirror,	which	only	showed	him	where	he
had	already	been.	He	wasn’t	sure	why	he	was	doing	that	either.
Looking	at	the	sky,	he	saw,	much	closer	now,	a	planet	of	awesome	size,	lit	by	no	sun.
Or	 he	 didn’t	 see	 it	 anymore.	 It	 was	 there,	 and	 it	 wasn’t.	 It	 was	 some	 ratio	 of	 literal	 and
metaphorical.	He	drove	faster.	How	fast	can	a	nice	car	drive?	How	much	longer	could	he
keep	driving	faster	before	he	was	driving	the	fastest?
There	 seemed	 to	 be	 a	 city	 up	 ahead.	 There	 definitely	 was	 a	 city	 up	 ahead.	 It	 was	 a
definite	 city,	 and	 at	 the	 speed	 he	 was	 going,	 it	 would	 not	 be	 up	 ahead	 much	 longer.	 He
looked	again	in	the	mirror.	Only	a	landscape	unmarked	by	his	passing.	Only	a	road	going
back.	Nothing	he	didn’t	already	know.	He	knew	nothing	already.
This	has	been	traffic.
An	 update	 on	 the	 flamingo	 situation.	 The	 flamingos	 are	 extremely	 dangerous	 and
appear	 to	 put	 you	 completely	 out	 of	 sync	 with	 reality	 if	 touched.	 You	 think	 it’ll	 be	 fun
being	 out	 of	 sync	 with	 reality?	 It	 won’t	 be.	 You’re	 wrong	 about	 that,	 person	 who	 I	 just
imagined	disagreeing	with	me.
Old	Woman	Josie	said	that	she	and	her	non-angelic	friends	named	Erika	who	live	with
her	are	trying	to	track	down	all	the	flamingos	scattered	all	over	Night	Vale.	She	had	put
some	in	the	pawnshop	earlier,	but	she	has	been	unable	to	reach	pawnshop	owner	Jackie
Fierro.	Since	the	pawnshop’s	doors	are	removed	and	buried	whenever	the	shop	is	closed,
Josie	 and	 her	 not-at-all	 heavenly	 friends	 were	 able	 to	 easily	 walk	 in	 and	 reclaim	 the

flamingos	even	with	Jackie	not	around.
Meanwhile	 the	 City	 Council	 announced	 that	 the	 flamingos	 sure	 seem	 like	 a	 serious
situation,	and	probably	they’d	look	into	it	someday.
“Yeah,	 definitely,”	 they	 said	 in	 a	 monotone	 unison,	 swarming	 out	 of	 the	 shadows	 of
the	 council	 chambers	 with	 eyes	 like	 flames,	 and	 mouths	 like	 flames,	 and	 bodies	 like
flames,	basically	they	were	just	giant	flames.	“We’ll	get	RIGHT	on	that.	Haha	sure.	It’s	a
big	thing	for	us	and	we’re	taking	it	superseriously.	It’s	just	that,	ugh,	we	hate	to	bring	this
up.	 But	 today	 is	 the	 day	 where	 a	 human	 sacrifice	 is	 made	 in	 our	 honor.	 And,	 while	 the
flamingo	situation	seems	dire,	it	would	be	superdire	to	interrupt	something	so	important	as
the	sacrifice	to	the	City	Council.	So	yeah	…”	the	monotone	univoice	concluded.
We	will	update	you	with	more	news	about	the	flamingo	situation	as	we	know	things
and	feel	compelled	to	speak	those	things	aloud.
Sheila,	the	woman	who	marks	people	down	on	her	clipboard	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite,
came	by	the	studio.	She	is	now	sitting	outside	my	booth,	looking	at	nothing	in	particular,
and	doodling	listlessly	on	her	clipboard.	I	asked	her	why	she	came	here.
“I	just	needed	to	do	something	different,”	she	said.	“Even	one	different	thing	will	end
this	cycle	I’m	in.	I	can’t	go	back	through	my	life	again.	I	don’t	even	remember	what	a	life
is	like.	I	only	remember	a	series	of	scripted	events.	I	don’t	remember	ever	coming	to	this
station	before	though.	I	think	maybe	if	I	just	quietly	sit	here	long	enough,	not	doing	what
I’m	supposed	to	do,	then	finally	I	will	be	free.”
I	told	her	I’m	fine	with	her	sitting	there.	I’m	here	to	serve	the	community.	That’s	what
I	said.
Oh	 boy,	 she	 must	 really	 be	 in	 a	 state.	 Here	 I’ve	 been	 talking	 about	 her	 for	 a	 whole
minute	and	she	hasn’t	looked	up	once.	Sheila?	Sheila?	Okay.	Sorry,	listeners.	I	need	to	go
make	 sure	 she’s	 all	 right.	 I	 take	 you	 now	 to	 the	 sound	 of	 a	 human	 stomach	 digesting,
heavily	amplified	and	electronically	distorted.

34

Diane	stood	in	Josh’s	empty	room,	dialing	again.	Each	time	it	went	straight	to	voice	mail.
She	checked	her	texts,	reading	his	last	text	(“Good.	Be	home	later.”)	again	and	again.
She	called	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police.	She	called	Josh’s	friends.	She	called	Josh	again.
She	called	the	comic	book	and	video	stores	again.	She	called	Josh	again.	She	called	Josh
again.
He	 had	 to	 have	 his	 phone	 with	 him.	 It	 was	 illegal	 for	 any	 person	 to	 not	 carry	 at	 all
times	 some	 sort	 of	 device	 by	 which	 the	 World	 Government	 could	 track	 their	 location.
Most	people	opted	for	a	cell	phone	because	it	also	could	do	useful	things	like	make	phone
calls	 and	 attract	 birds.	 A	 few	 holdouts	 still	 preferred	 the	 old	 tracking	 collars,	 bulky	 and
impossible	to	take	off	though	they	were.
She	 rifled	 through	 the	 papers	 on	 Josh’s	 desk	 and	 the	 ones	 shoved	 in	 his	 books.	 She
found	all	kinds	of	sketches	and	doodles	and	homework	worksheets.	She	pulled	open	his
drawers,	finding	his	illicit	writing	utensils	(She	didn’t	care.	He	was	a	teenager.	What	are
you	 going	 to	 do,	 stop	 a	 kid	 from	 writing	 because	 it’s	 illegal?),	 some	 cockroaches	 with
corporate	logos	on	them,	and	a	partial	tarot	deck.	She	confiscated	the	tarot	deck,	making	a
mental	note	to	lecture	him	about	that	once	he	was	safely	home	(he	would	be	safely	home
soon,	she	was	sure),	but	also	keeping	it	for	her	own	use	later.
There	was	nothing	from	Josh,	and	no	one	else	she	had	gotten	hold	of	knew	where	he
was.	They	all	offered	their	heartfelt	condolences.	She	could	taste	her	worry	about	Josh	as
an	actual	taste	on	her	tongue,	and	it	tasted	like	rotten	citrus.
Diane	tried	texting	him	again.	When	she	pressed	her	thumb	to	send,	she	felt	a	familiar
sharp	pain.	She	did	it	again.	She	felt	it	again.	Her	phone’s	touch	screen	grew	cloudy	with
smudged	blood.	He	was	unavailable	or,	even	worse,	forbidden	to	call	by	civil	ordinance.
She	 let	 out	 a	 high-pitched	 yelp	 of	 anger	 and	 kicked	 the	 open	 desk	 drawer	 shut.	 The
framed	movie	poster	above	Josh’s	desk	of	Lee	Marvin	in	Cat	Ballou	rattled.
She	 sat	 on	 the	 corner	 of	 his	 bed,	 put	 her	 head	 in	 her	 hands,	 and	 let	 out	 a	 sob	 that
swelled	her	face	and	burned	her	eyes.	She	slid	down	the	side	of	the	bed,	her	butt	thudding
to	the	floor.	She	intentionally	inhaled	and	exhaled	toward	the	sky.	The	ceiling	fan	blew	her
breath	back	at	her.
From	this	vantage	point,	she	could	see	under	the	desk.	There	was	a	pale	fluttering,	like
a	white	moth.
“Josh?”	she	asked	hopefully,	foolishly.	He	had	never	been	a	moth	before,	but	he	liked

to	try	out	new	forms.
She	reached	under	the	desk	and	felt	something	light,	thin,	small.	Not	a	moth.	Paper?
Paper.	Before	she	pulled	it	out	and	held	it	up	to	her	face,	she	knew	what	it	said.
“KING	 CITY.”	 Over	 and	 over,	 as	 though	 the	 writer	 was	 unable	 to	 write	 any	 other
words.
It	was	not	the	same	as	the	paper	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket	had	given	her.	It	was	lighter,
cheaper	stock.	The	lettering	was	different	too.	It	was	shakier;	the	curves	of	the	G	and	the
C	were	bulbous	and	crooked,	written	in	thin	pen.	The	words	on	the	paper	Evan	had	told
her	to	pass	on	to	Josh	was	written	in	a	thick,	assured	pencil.
She	 reopened	 the	 desk	 drawer.	 She	 ran	 her	 hand	 through	 the	 illegal	 writing	 utensils
and	found	a	pen	that	matched	the	color	and	gauge	of	the	writing	in	her	hand.
How	did	he	know	about	King	City?	Diane	pulled	her	purse	off	her	shoulder	and	threw
it	 against	 the	 wall.	 She	 smacked	 the	 desktop	 with	 her	 palms.	 She	 cursed.	 She	 stomped.
Nothing	helped.
She	looked	at	her	purse,	lying	open	near	the	doorway.	She	remembered	the	paper	Evan
had	given	her.	She	had	gone	to	throw	it	away	behind	the	Moonlite	All-Nite	but	put	it	in
her	purse	after	seeing	Troy.	She	rifled	through	the	purse.	And	just	like	her	car	keys,	the
paper	was	not	there.
“No,”	Diane	said	again	and	again	on	the	floor	of	Josh’s	empty	room.
“KING	CITY,”	the	paper	said	again	and	again	in	Jackie’s	hand	and	probably	now	in
Josh’s	hand	as	well.
Diane	 grabbed	 her	 phone	 and	 tried	 calling	 him	 one	 more	 time.	 She	 could	 feel	 the
phone	burning	her	ear.	She	could	smell	it	burning	her	hair.	She	let	it	ring	and	ring,	until	the
pain	 was	 searing,	 until	 her	 hair	 caught	 on	 fire,	 until	 she	 could	 not	 physically	 hold	 the
phone	to	her	head	a	moment	longer,	and	then	she	let	it	ring	a	moment	past	that.

35

Jackie	 leaned	 back,	 her	 feet	 on	 the	 counter.	 It	 was	 the	 first	 time	 she	 had	 been	 in	 the
pawnshop	in	days.
When	she	left	the	hospital,	she	wasn’t	sure	where	else	to	go.	She	didn’t	love	being	at
the	shop,	but	it	was	home,	and	she	just	wanted	to	go	home.
In	most	ways	it	felt	like	it	always	did.	But	now	her	entire	body	hurt.	And	she	knew	the
paper	 was	 curled	 up	 in	 her	 cast	 like	 the	 hidden	 centipede	 nests	 that	 sometimes	 appear
overnight	in	people’s	beds.
The	leaning,	her	usual	position	at	the	counter,	was	killing	her	back,	and	so	she	got	off
the	stool	and	stood.	She	had	never	done	that	before.	She	looked	out	the	window,	where,
not	that	long	ago,	she	had	watched	a	man	in	a	tan	jacket	run	away.
There	were	bubbles	of	light,	low	to	the	ground,	out	in	the	desert,	and	a	tall	building,
and	 voices.	 As	 she	 watched,	 more	 buildings	 appeared,	 a	 forest	 of	 tall	 buildings,	 all
glowing,	 their	 bulk	 wisping	 away	 to	 nothing	 as	 they	 approached	 the	 sand	 below	 them.
Bubbles	of	light.	And	voices.	A	crowd	of	voices.
It	 was	 King	 City.	 She	 knew	 it	 now.	 Somehow,	 from	 all	 this	 distance,	 the	 city	 was
calling	to	her.	She	spat	at	the	lights	but	only	hit	her	window.
She	 watched	 her	 spit	 roll	 down	 the	 glass	 and	 felt,	 for	 the	 first	 time	 in	 her	 short	 and
long	life,	absolute	despair.	All	of	her	and	Diane’s	investigations	had	not	gotten	rid	of	the
paper,	 or	 allowed	 her	 to	 write	 down	 any	 words	 but	 “KING	 CITY,”	 or	 gotten	 rid	 of	 the
visions	out	in	the	desert.	Her	life	wasn’t	what	it	had	been,	and	it	never	would	be	again.	For
a	brief	moment,	spending	time	with	Diane	as	an	equal,	she	had	wanted	to	grow	older.	But
that	feeling	was	gone.
Her	 body	 ached.	 First	 the	 librarian	 poison	 and	 then	 the	 accident	 and	 then	 whatever
they	had	done	to	her	in	the	hospital.	Her	body	no	longer	felt	young.	All	of	her	energy	had
been	robbed	from	her.	She	felt	old,	looked	young,	was	neither.
The	bell	on	the	door	rang.
“We’re	 not	 open,”	 she	 said.	 “I’m	 sorry.	 I	 know	 it	 says	 we’re	 open.	 But	 we’re	 not
really.”
No	answer.
She	looked	up	and	saw	a	woman	in	a	business	suit.	The	woman	looked	at	Jackie	but
did	not	seem	to	see	her.	She	was	holding	a	small	cardboard	box	in	one	hand,	and	a	large

metal	hoe	in	the	other.	The	wedge	of	the	hoe	had	a	dark	brown	stain	with	a	few	misshapen
hairy	lumps	sticking	out	from	it.
“Like	I	said,”	Jackie	said,	“closed.”
The	 woman	 set	 both	 items	 on	 the	 counter	 and	 began	 to	 wash	 her	 hands,	 chanting	 to
herself	as	she	did.
“Hey,	I’m	sorry,	man.	I	can’t	take	this.	I	can’t	do	that	anymore.”
The	 visitor	 finished	 washing	 her	 hands.	 She	 was	 shaking,	 and	 her	 hair	 was	 over	 her
face.	She	would	not	look	down	at	the	box	or	at	Jackie.
“Take	your	things	and	go,	goddammit.”
The	woman	did	not	go.	She	stood	there,	like	she	was	waiting	to	be	dismissed.	Jackie
sighed.	Her	back	hurt	so	much,	and	her	hand	itched	madly	in	the	cast.	She	had	never	felt
so	distant	from	herself.
“All	right.	I	can’t	actually	give	you	a	ticket	because	it	would	just	say	‘King	City’	over
and	over,	I	won’t	pay	you	anything,	you	won’t	die	for	any	period	of	time,	and	I	won’t	put
it	out	for	sale.	But	just	sign	here	and	you	can	go.	Okay?”
The	woman	signed	the	name	Catharine	to	the	ticket,	put	the	pen	down,	and	asked	in	a
small,	shaken	voice:	“Is	it	over	now?”
Jackie	nodded.	Catharine	shuddered	and	walked	out,	upright	and	smiling,	a	different
woman	than	had	entered	the	shop.
Jackie	took	the	hoe	and,	with	her	good	arm,	awkwardly	leaned	it	on	the	trash	can	next
to	her.	She	opened	the	box.	Inside	was	the	mangled	body	of	a	tarantula.	It	had	been	hacked
over	 and	 over	 until	 most	 of	 its	 body	 had	 detached	 from	 itself,	 a	 jigsaw	 puzzle	 way	 past
solving.	She	looked	out	the	door	and	watched	the	lights	of	Catharine’s	car	diminish	into
the	highway	distance.	Jackie	tossed	the	box	in	the	trash,	wincing	as	she	did.
The	lights	and	voices	out	in	the	desert	were	gone.	She	sat	alone	in	the	dark	pawnshop,
looking	 at	 nothing	 in	 particular,	 thinking	 about	 nothing	 in	 particular.	 Somewhere,
Catharine	felt	better.	Nowhere,	the	tarantula	felt	nothing	at	all.

36

Diane	bought	a	bus	ticket	to	King	City.	It	was	as	easy	at	that.
The	 bus	 left	 at	 7:00	 A.M.	 She	 brought	 a	 small	 suitcase	 and	 a	 little	 bit	 of	 cash.	 She
boarded	the	bus,	which	was	a	standard	bus,	flint	gray,	with	a	long,	rectangular	body,	two
flat	front	windows,	seven	wheels,	and	several	narrow	viewing	slots	along	the	sides,	so	that
the	passengers	could	have	a	heavily	obstructed	view	of	the	outside	world.
The	bus	pulled	out	of	the	station	and	onto	the	highway.	Diane	tried	texting	and	calling
Josh	 again.	 It	 was	 painful,	 emotionally	 and	 physically,	 to	 do	 so,	 but	 she	 kept	 doing	 it
anyway.	She	wished	Jackie	were	with	her.	It	would	be	easier	with	another	person	on	her
side,	 someone	 so	 steady	 and	 fearless,	 as	 young	 as	 she	 was,	 but	 Jackie	 was	 on	 her	 own
painful	journey,	and	Diane	would	have	to	do	this	alone.
The	man	sitting	across	the	aisle	from	her	was	asleep	moments	into	the	ride.	He	was
wearing	overalls	and	a	wooden	hat.	He	had	only	one	arm,	which	he	kept	folded	behind	his
head.	There	was	a	tattoo	along	his	tricep	of	a	head	of	Boston	lettuce	crawling	with	ants.
From	between	the	broad	leaves	came	two	bare	human	legs,	and	below	it	all	was	a	banner
that	read,	CORAZÓN.
She	listened	to	him	breathe.	His	inhale	was	long	and	pinched,	a	thread	of	breath	pulled
taut	into	his	sinuses.	His	exhale	began	with	a	muffled	pop,	like	the	sound	of	a	freezer	door
opening,	and	spiraled	out	to	a	wheeze.
Diane	 closed	 her	 eyes.	 She	 tried	 to	 breathe	 synchronously	 with	 the	 man	 across	 the
aisle.	She	put	one	arm	behind	her	head,	and	breathed	intentionally.
Yesterday,	she	had	called	the	Sheriff’s	Secret	Police	and	reported	her	car	and	her	son
missing.	 When	 asked	 for	 a	 description	 of	 the	 car,	 she	 described	 colors	 and	 shapes.	 This
matched	 the	 police’s	 understanding	 of	 what	 a	 missing	 burgundy	 Ford	 hatchback	 looked
like.	When	asked	for	a	description	of	Josh,	she	cried.	This	matched	their	understanding	of
what	a	missing	teenage	son	looked	like.
The	Secret	Police—who	were	standing	in	Diane’s	doorway	only	seconds	after	she	had
said	“Secret	Police”	into	the	poorly	hidden	microphone	mounted	above	her	refrigerator—
had	said	they	would	look	for	him.
“We’re	 looking	 for	 him	 now,”	 they	 had	 said,	 standing	 completely	 still.	 A	 helicopter
had	 flown	 over	 the	 house,	 but	 this	 had	 been	 unrelated.	 Helicopters	 were	 almost	 always
flying	over	the	house.
Helicopters	keep	us	free,	the	house	had	thought.

HELICOPTERS	KEEP	US	FREE,	the	billboards	all	over	town	said.

Helicopters	 keep	 us	 free,	 the	 Sheriff’s	 Secret	 Police	 had	 said	 to	 Diane	 then,	 in	 her
kitchen,	 and	 also	 during	 all	 routine	 traffic	 stops	 and	 at	 community	 events	 and	 through
bullhorns	 mounted	 atop	 cruisers	 cruising	 through	 quiet	 neighborhoods	 on	 Sunday
mornings.
She	had	shown	the	police	the	paper	with	“KING	CITY”	written	all	over	it.
One	of	the	officers	had	held	the	paper	to	his	face	and	then	showed	it	to	another	officer,
who	 had	 smelled	 it	 and	 then	 dropped	 it	 to	 the	 floor,	 where	 another	 officer	 had	 bellycrawled	by	quickly	with	a	clear	plastic	bag	and	thick	rubber	gloves.	The	crawling	officer
had	grabbed	the	paper	with	the	gloved	hand,	put	it	in	the	plastic	bag,	sealed	it,	and	written
“nope!”	on	the	bag	in	black	marker.	The	officer	had	belly-crawled	away,	leaving	the	bag
behind.
It	didn’t	look	like	they	were	going	to	help	her	at	all.	The	next	day	she	had	gotten	up
early	and	taken	a	taxi	to	the	bus	station.
As	the	bus	drove	on,	she	tried	to	sleep	but	could	not.	She	urged	herself	to	hold	still,	but
would	eventually	feel	an	itch	on	her	side	and	would	have	to	start	over.	The	bus	kept	its
lateral	trajectory,	which	felt	flat	and	straight.	Every	time	she	squinted	out	her	viewing	slot,
she	saw	desert	sameness.
Her	phone’s	battery	was	almost	dead,	even	though	she	had	charged	it	before	leaving
the	 house.	 Anyway,	 it	 had	 no	 signal	 to	 call	 out	 or	 in.	 She	 wished	 she	 had	 brought	 a
municipally	approved	book	to	read,	like	Vacation	by	Deb	Olin	Unferth	or	The	Complete
Plays	and	Verse	of	Kurt	Russell.
The	 man	 across	 the	 aisle	 never	 moved.	 His	 legato	 breaths	 stayed	 constant,	 a	 windy
metronome.
The	bus	had	been	in	motion,	nonstop,	for	several	hours,	and	she	had	not	been	able	to
sleep	or	read	or	use	her	phone.	There	was	no	visual	complexity	to	the	passing	scenery	or
visceral	 texture	 to	 the	 drive.	 She	 was	 thankful	 for	 the	 man	 with	 the	 lettuce	 tattoo.	 She
loved	him,	this	man.	He	was,	aesthetically	and	aurally,	perfect.	She	loved	him	the	way	one
loves	an	old	bridge	or	a	wool	sweater	or	the	sound	of	a	growing	tulip.
As	she	stared	at	him,	the	bus	slowed	and	veered	right.	King	City	at	last.	She	had	only	a
vague	plan	for	when	she	arrived.	She	would	first	try	to	find	their	Secret	Police	department,
wherever	it	was	hidden.	Perhaps	there	was	a	radio	host,	some	version	of	a	Cecil	Palmer
for	King	City,	California.	She	could	contact	that	person	and	ask	for	them	to	put	out	a	call
for	 Josh,	 the	 way	 Cecil	 generously	 announced	 over	 the	 radio	 the	 location	 and	 personal
details	of	Night	Vale	citizens	without	even	being	asked	at	all.
The	bus	came	to	a	stop	at	a	traffic	light.	They	were	clearly	out	on	the	edge	of	town.
There	was	a	used	car	lot.	The	bus	turned,	and	her	viewing	slot	showed	her	an	old	house
that	looked	similar	to	Josie’s.	Diane	leaned	into	the	aisle	and	looked	out	the	front	of	the
bus,	at	a	familiar	low	skyline:	the	library,	the	Rec	Center,	the	Pinkberry,	the	distant	Brown
Stone	Spire.

She	walked	to	the	front	of	the	bus	and	leaned	over	the	white	line,	careful	to	keep	her
feet	behind	it.
“Is	this	Night	Vale?”	Diane	asked.
“It	is,”	said	the	driver.	Her	name	tag	said	MAB.
“But	this	was	the	King	City	bus.”
“Right.”	Mab’s	sunglasses	hid	any	feelings	she	might	be	having	about	the	questions.
“But	we	never	stopped	or	turned.”
“Not	many	turns	on	that	road.”
They	 passed	 the	 Antiques	 Mall.	 Today	 the	 antiques	 in	 the	 window	 were	 playful,
jumping	over	each	other	and	wrestling.
Diane	stumbled	over	the	white	line	as	the	bus	turned	onto	Somerset.
“Feet	behind	the	line	please.”
She	obeyed.
“I	don’t	understand.	Why	did	we	never	stop	in	King	City?”
Mab	eased	the	bus	to	a	stop	at	the	downtown	bus/train/paddleboat	terminal.	She	turned
and	 pulled	 off	 her	 sunglasses.	 Her	 feelings	 about	 Diane’s	 questions	 still	 weren’t	 clear
because	she	had	no	eyes.
“My	bus	started	in	King	City.	Why	would	I	stop	in	King	City?”
“I’m	sorry.”
“You	got	on	the	bus	in	King	City.	It	is	a	nonstop	bus	from	King	City	to	Night	Vale.	No
turns,	like	you	said.”
“Okay,	I’m	sorry.”
Diane	turned	toward	the	other	passengers,	hoping	someone	would	join	her	confusion
or	plead	her	case.	The	bus	had	started	in	Night	Vale.	It	had,	right?	But	all	of	the	seats	were
empty.	 No	 one	 on	 board	 but	 her	 and	 the	 driver.	 Not	 even	 the	 driver	 now.	 Mab	 was
standing	outside,	sunglasses	back	on,	smoking	a	clove	cigarette.
Diane	 walked	 back	 to	 her	 seat	 and	 grabbed	 her	 suitcase.	 Before	 leaving,	 she	 knelt
down	and	put	her	hand	to	the	seat	directly	across	the	aisle	from	hers,	where	the	man	had
been.	It	was	cold.
She	got	off	the	bus.
She	 called	 Steve	 Carlsberg,	 who	 had	 a	 car.	 Steve	 was	 happy	 to	 take	 Diane	 to	 King
City.	He	was	excited	to	go.	He	complained	about	not	having	received	anything	from	a	man
in	a	tan	jacket	and	agreed	to	skip	work.	He	would	pick	her	up	from	the	bus	station	and
they	would	leave	this	very	morning.
“Morning?”	she	said.	“What	time	is	it?”

“Eight	o’clock.	Good	and	early	start.	Oh,	this	will	be	fun!”	Steve	said.	She	could	hear
the	dinging	of	his	car.	He	was	already	on	his	way.
She	hung	up	and	checked	the	time.	Her	bus	had	left	at	7:00	and	had	been	on	the	road
for	at	least	six	hours.	It	was	8:03	A.M.
Mab	pinched	out	her	cigarette	and	swallowed	it.	She	climbed	back	into	her	bus,	pulled
the	doors	shut,	and	drove	away.
Diane	waited.	She	bought	a	coffee	and	a	banana	in	the	station	and	waited.	She	bought
another	coffee	and	waited.	She	stared	at	the	arrival	and	departure	screens	and	waited.	She
checked	the	time	and	waited.	It	was	9:34.
She	called	Steve.
“Where	are	you?	Is	everything	okay?”
“What	do	you	mean,	Diane?”
“I	thought	you	were	coming	to	pick	me	up	and	we	were	going	to	drive	to	King	City.”
“Drive	to	King	City?	Gosh,	I’d	love	to.	That	sounds	so	exciting.	When	did	you	want	to
go?”
“As	soon	as	you	can.”
“Listen,	I’ll	take	the	rest	of	the	day	off.	Where	are	you?”
“I’m	at	the	bus	station	downtown.”
“Okie	doke!”
Diane	waited.	11:15	A.M.
“Steve!	Where	are	you?”
“Work.	Why?	What’s	up?”
Diane	called	a	cab	and	asked	the	driver	to	take	her	to	the	airport.
Yesterday,	 she	 had	 called	 her	 insurance	 company.	 She	 was	 hoping	 she	 could	 get	 a
replacement	car	to	drive	to	King	City.
The	insurance	company	had	asked	her	where	her	car	was.
“I	don’t	know.”
“If	you	do	not	know	where	your	current	car	is,	how	can	we	replace	it?”
“It	was	stolen.”
“So	you	don’t	see	your	car	right	now?”
“No.”
“If	you	cannot	see	a	thing,	how	can	you	be	sure	it	exists	at	all?	Are	you	familiar	with
Schrödinger’s	c—”
Diane	had	hung	up	and	called	back,	hoping	for	a	different	agent.

“You	did	not	answer	our	question.”	There	had	been	only	one	ring,	and	the	voice	had
immediately	started	in.	“We	cannot	replace	a	vehicle	that	does	not	exist.”
“You	have	my	VIN	number	and	all	of	the	pertinent	information	in	your	system.”
“This?	 This	 is	 just	 ones	 and	 zeros.	 This	 is	 just	 lights	 flashing	 various	 colors	 and
shapes.	 There	 is	 nothing	 physical	 or	 real	 about	 data.	 Here.	 I	 just	 changed	 your	 middle
name	to	five	f’s	in	a	row.	‘Diane	Fffff	Crayton.’	It	says	right	here	on	my	screen:	‘Diane
Fffff	Crayton.’	Do	you	accept	that	is	your	name	because	it	is	in	our	quote	system?”
“No.”
“No,	you	do	not.	Just	as	we	would	not	accept	that	a	vehicle	exists	simply	because	there
is	a	number	here	in	my	quote	sys——”
“Shut	up	and	listen!”	She	had	shouted	this.	She	wasn’t	sure	she	had	ever	shouted	on
the	phone	before.	“My	son	is	missing.	My	car	is	missing.	I	need	to	find	him,	and	I	need	a
car	to	do	that.	I	have	no	time	for	your	absurd	logic.”
“Absurd	logic	is	an	oxymoron.”
“Absurd	logic!”	she	had	screamed	into	the	phone.
“Hissssssssssssssss!”	the	representative	had	replied.
“You	 are	 an	 insurance	 company.	 I	 pay	 you	 to	 replace	 or	 repair	 my	 vehicle,	 or
compensate	 me	 in	 the	 event	 that	 something	 happens	 to	 my	 vehicle.	 Something	 has
happened	to	my	vehicle.”
No	response.
“I	 need	 a	 car	 because	 I	 need	 my	 son.	 Can	 you	 understand	 me?	 Can	 you	 sympathize
here?	Just	a	small	amount	of	compassion	to	get	this	done?”
Another	long	silence.
“Are	you—”	she	had	said.
“Yes.	We’re	still	here.”
“Have	you—”
“Quiet,	Diane.	We	heard	you.	We	are	sorry.	Give	us	a	moment.	This	is	difficult	for	us.
Hearing	that	a	customer	has	a	missing	child	hurts	us	deeply.	Please	give	us	some	space.”
Diane	had	held	back	another	eruption.	Of	the	stages	of	grief,	Diane	had	already	gone
through	 denial,	 sadness,	 and	 despair.	 Now	 she	 had	 been	 on	 the	 verge	 of	 the	 final	 step,
vengeance.
The	voice	on	the	other	end,	clearly	crying,	had	said:	“We’ll	see	what	we	can	do.	It	will
take	no	more	than	two	weeks.”
“Two	weeks.”
“This	is	hard	on	us,	too,”	the	representative	had	sobbed.	Diane	had	hung	up.

The	cab	pulled	up	to	the	airport.	Night	Vale	Airport	is	not	big.	Most	of	the	planes	are
propeller	 planes,	 private	 planes,	 secret	 military	 drones,	 and	 government	 planes	 that	 are
used	to	make	chemtrails,	but	she	found	a	commuter	airline	to	fly	her	from	Night	Vale	to
King	City.	She	was	one	of	four	people	on	board	the	twenty-seat	plane.
She	had	never	flown	before,	having	never	left	Night	Vale.	She	wasn’t	sure	whether	she
was	a	nervous	flier	or	not,	but	the	plane	certainly	felt	small	and	fragile.	It	took	off	with	a
whirring	 shudder,	 and	 she	 felt	 dizzy	 as	 it	 rose	 through	 the	 clouds.	 She	 leaned	 her	 head
against	 the	 window,	 but	 the	 rough	 ride	 caused	 her	 to	 bump	 her	 head	 against	 the	 hard
plastic,	making	it	impossible	to	sleep,	so	she	watched	the	red	flatness	of	the	desert	pass
slowly	below	them.	She	looked	out	to	the	horizon,	wondering	if	she	could	ever	believe	in
mountains	 again	 having	 seen	 this	 flatness	 from	 above,	 and	 whether	 anyone	 would	 ever
learn	what	clouds	were	made	of.	It	was	probably	best	we	never	know.
She	 glanced	 about	 at	 her	 fellow	 travelers,	 finding	 it	 interesting	 that	 they	 were	 all
wearing	blue	earphones	and	horn-rimmed	glasses.	They	were	most	likely	part	of	a	vague,
yet	 menacing	 government	 agency.	 Diane	 wasn’t	 sure	 if	 they	 were	 following	 her	 or	 the
pilot	or	what,	but	they	looked	bored	and	tired.
After	a	two-hour	flight,	the	plane	touched	down.	It	had	been	a	long	and	expensive	day,
and	she	had	only	enough	money	for	a	few	more	cab	rides	in	King	City.
As	 the	 plane	 taxied	 to	 the	 gate,	 which	 was	 simply	 a	 wood	 stepladder	 on	 the	 tarmac
near	 the	 terminal,	 Diane	 watched	 the	 world	 scroll	 from	 right	 to	 left	 across	 her	 window.
Behind	 the	 airport,	 she	 could	 see	 a	 small	 city	 watched	 over	 by	 a	 distant	 Brown	 Stone
Spire.
“Ladies	 and	 gentlemen,	 we	 have	 reached	 our	 final	 destination	 of	 Night	 Vale.	 Please
remain	 seated	 until	 we	 come	 to	 a	 complete	 stop	 and	 the	 captain	 turns	 on	 the	 Free	 Will
sign.”
Diane	punched	the	window,	crying,	“No.	No!”	her	voice	cracking	and	eyes	watering.
She	couldn’t	help	it.	She	turned	to	look	around	the	cabin,	conscious	of	the	scene	she	was
causing.	There	were	twelve	other	passengers	on	the	plane.	They	all	wore	baseball	caps	and
knit	shirts.	They	were	sitting	together	in	the	back	rows,	not	showing	any	awareness	at	all
of	her	outburst.
“Thank	you	for	flying	with	us,”	said	the	pilot,	as	Diane	dragged	her	suitcase	off	the
plane.	She	put	down	the	suitcase	and	sat	on	it,	right	there	on	the	tarmac,	having	no	idea	at
all	what	she	should	do	next.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	…	at	a	loss	for	words,	at	a	profit	for	hand	gestures,	and	more	or	less	break	even
on	eyebrow	movements.
Night	Vale	Auto	Insurance	Co.	announced	today	that	because	of	rising	costs,	they	will
no	 longer	 offer	 replacements,	 repairs,	 or	 compensation	 for	 any	 accidents	 involving
automobiles.	“It’s	really	expensive	to	fix	or	replace	a	car,”	said	Bob	Sturm,	vice	president
of	finance.	“I	mean,	think	about	how	many	accidents	there	are.	Those	add	up.	How	are	we
supposed	to	pay	for	all	of	that?”
When	asked	if	they	will	lower	premiums	since	they	are	no	longer	covering	any	form	of
repair,	 Sturm	 said	 no,	 but	 they	 will	 send	 customers	 kindly	 worded	 sympathy	 cards,	 and
customers	who	have	been	in	an	accident	can	come	by	any	one	of	their	ten	area	locations
for	a	hug	and	an	it’ll-be-okay	pat	on	the	shoulder.
Sturm	concluded	the	announcement	by	coughing	up	a	little	bit	of	blood	and	laughing.
And	now	an	update	on	Sheila,	down	at	the	Moonlite	All-Nite,	with	her	clipboard	and
pen,	living	her	life	over	and	over	in	a	sad,	empty	reenactment	of	what	was	once	an	organic
experience.	She	said	that	the	loop	finally	seems	to	be	broken,	and	that	things	are	looking
up.
I	asked	her	if	it	wasn’t	then	maybe	time	to	leave	the	studio	and	return	to	her	life,	but
she	said	she	couldn’t	imagine	doing	that.	Not	anymore.	So	I	offered	to	let	her	become	a
station	intern	instead.	Isn’t	that	just	the	best?	I	gave	her	the	intern	tunic	and	told	her	about
the	usual	duties	(mimeographs,	making	coffee,	editing	my	slash	fiction).	I	think	she’ll	do
just	a	great	job,	and	she’ll	learn	a	lot	while	working	here.
I’m	pretty	sure	that	all	of	our	interns	have	gone	on	to	do	great	things	with	their	lives.	I
haven’t	followed	up	with	any	of	them	or	even	thought	about	it	for	very	long,	but	I’m	sure
they	are	all	better	off	for	having	done	their	internship	here.
Sheila	is	so	happy,	she	took	the	clipboard	she	had	once	used	to	mark	down	people	at
the	Moonlite	All-Nite	and	broke	it	over	her	knee.	Which	is	a	waste,	Sheila.	Do	you	think
community	radio	stations	have	the	kinds	of	budgets	that	allow	us	to	just	waste	clipboards
like	that?	Don’t	do	that	again,	Sheila.
Moving	on,	many	of	you	have	written	to	the	station	asking	for	more	information	about
our	annual	fund	drive,	which	was	held	two	months	back.	It	seems	that	the	tote	bags	and
mugs	and	DVD	sets	of	Mad	About	You,	Seasons	2	and	5	have	still	not	arrived	for	many
donors.

We	here	at	Night	Vale	Community	Radio	apologize	for	the	delay.	Please	know	that	all
donor	rewards	have	been	mailed	out—were	mailed	out	weeks	ago—but,	as	we	all	know,
time	 is	 weird	 here	 in	 our	 beautiful	 community.	 As	 a	 result,	 those	 weeks	 may	 have	 been
experienced	by	you	as	mere	seconds	and	the	delivery	would	seem	instantaneous,	or	those
weeks	may	be	experienced	by	you	as	millennia,	and	you	will	be	a	terrible,	vacant,	ancient
form	 of	 yourself	 by	 the	 time	 you	 receive	 your	 reward.	 These	 possibilities	 and	 all	 other
possibilities	remain	…	possible.
Please	know	that	our	station	exists	because	of	donors	like	you.	It	also	exists	because	a
long	and	terribly	improbable	series	of	galactic	events	over	the	course	of	billions	of	years
conspired	to	bring	us	to	this	very	moment	in	our	station’s	existence.	And	we	thank	you	for
your	support.	Again,	we	apologize	for	the	delay	in	receiving	your	items,	and	also	for	the
absurdity	of	time.
Next	on	our	program,	I	will	describe	a	boring	photo	in	a	thousand	slow,	interminable
words.

37

Jackie	knocked	on	her	mother’s	door.	After	a	moment,	it	opened.
“Hello,	dear.	Come	in.”	Her	mother	turned	and	walked	back	to	the	kitchen,	and	Jackie
limped	after	her.	She	tenderly	sat	down	across	from	the	woman	she	did	not	recognize.
“Mom,”	she	tried	calling	her.	“Mom,	it’s	been	a	rough	couple	days.	Let’s	start	there.	I
can’t	work	anymore.	And	if	I’m	not	working	then	I’m	not	sure	who	I	am.	Maybe	that’s	not
healthy.	Probably	isn’t.	But	it’s	all	I’ve	done	as	far	back	as	I	can	remember.	Which.	Okay.
Memory.	Wanna	talk	about	that	in	a	moment.
“But	I’ve	been	trying	to	figure	all	this	out.	Feels	like	running	up	a	slide	while	other
people	are	trying	to	slide	down	it.”
Jackie	picked	up	one	of	the	perfect,	wax-looking	apples.	She	sniffed	it.	It	was	real.
“I’ve	 been	 spending	 some	 time	 lately	 with	 Diane	 Crayton.	 Not	 like	 that,	 but.	 You
know,	Diane?	Does	stuff	with	the	PTA?	Works	at	that	office	no	one	is	sure	what	they	do?
Anyway,	Diane	and	I	got	into	this	thing	where	we	didn’t	like	each	other.	But	I	think	I	was
wrong	about	that.	I	think	I’m	wrong	about	a	lot	of	things.
“My	car	got	hit,	and	the	other	person	just	drove	away.	And	I	think	that	other	person
was	Diane’s	kid,	who’s	missing	now	and	I	sympathize	with	him.	I	do.	But	my	body	feels
as	wrecked	as	my	car.	I	can’t	move	right	and	I	feel	slow	and	tired.
“I	understand	that	kid.	Sometimes	you	need	to	run	away.	I	feel	bad	because	I	said	that
to	Diane,	but	it’s	true.	I’m	sorry,	Mom.	You	probably	feel	different,	but	I	think	maybe	he’s
right	to	leave.	Diane	cares	so	much	for	him.	It’s	not	other	people	that	hurt	us,	but	what	we
feel	about	them.”
Her	mother	didn’t	respond.	She	wasn’t	even	looking	at	Jackie.	Her	eyes	rested	on	the
ceiling.
“It	 got	 me	 thinking	 about	 what	 you	 said	 to	 me.	 And	 I	 don’t.	 I	 don’t	 remember	 my
childhood.	I	don’t	think	I’ve	ever	been	in	this	house.	I	don’t	know	who	you	are.	I	don’t
remember	 ever	 being	 any	 other	 age	 than	 what	 I	 am	 now,	 and	 I	 don’t	 remember	 doing
anything	but	what	I’ve	been	doing.	I’m	not	normal,	am	I?	I	mean,	I	understand	that	many
things	in	Night	Vale	aren’t	what	they	are	in	other	places,	but,	even	for	Night	Vale,	I	don’t
think	I’m	normal.”
Her	mother	took	the	apple	from	her	and	put	it	back	in	the	bowl.	She	stood.
“Let’s	step	out	into	the	backyard,	shall	we?”

They	did.	Her	mother	put	a	hand	on	her	arm.
“Jackie,	what	I	want	you	to	understand,	about	both	me	and	Diane,	is	this.	It’s	not	easy
raising	 a	 child	 in	 Night	 Vale.	 Things	 go	 strange	 often.	 There	 are	 literal	 monsters	 here.
Most	towns	don’t	have	literal	monsters,	I	think,	but	we	do.
“You	were	my	baby.	But	babies	become	children,	and	they	go	to	elementary	schools
that	indoctrinate	them	on	how	to	overthrow	governments,	and	they	get	interested	in	boys
and	 girls,	 or	 they	 don’t,	 and	 anyway	 they	 change.	 They	 go	 to	 high	 schools,	 where	 they
learn	dangerous	things.	They	grow	into	adults,	and	become	dangerous	things.
“But	 none	 of	 that	 is	 as	 difficult	 as	 the	 main	 thing.	 We	 all	 know	 it,	 but	 most	 of	 you
don’t	spend	any	time	thinking	about	the	consequences	of	it.	Time	doesn’t	work	in	Night
Vale.
“You	were	a	child,	and	then	you	were	a	teenager,	and	then	you	were	old	enough	that	I
thought	 it	 might	 be	 time	 for	 you	 to	 run	 my	 pawnshop	 for	 me.	 Just	 some	 days.	 Just
sometimes.	I	could	use	the	time	off,	after	running	it	for	years	while	also	raising	a	child	on
my	own.
“I	taught	you	how	pawning	an	item	works.	‘Pawnshops	in	Night	Vale	work	like	this,’	I
said.	I	showed	you	the	hand	washing,	and	the	chanting,	and	the	dying	for	a	little	while,
and	 how	 to	 write	 out	 a	 ticket.	 I	 showed	 you	 how	 to	 bury	 the	 doors	 at	 night	 so	 they
wouldn’t	get	stolen.	I	showed	you	this	and	then	you	started	running	the	shop	on	your	own,
and	I	was	so	proud.
“But	time	doesn’t	work	in	Night	Vale.	And	so	one	day	I	woke	up	to	find	you	had	run
that	shop	for	decades.	Centuries,	even.	I’m	not	sure.	You	held	on	to	the	pawnshop	but	let
go	of	me.	I	happened	to	offer	eleven	dollars	to	the	first	customer	we	helped	together,	and
in	the	years	of	being	nineteen	you	forgot	that	moment	between	us	and	only	retained	the
offer	 of	 eleven	 dollars	 as	 a	 meaningless,	 unchangeable	 ritual.	 People	 in	 town	 couldn’t
remember	a	time	when	you	weren’t	the	one	running	the	store.	But	I	could.	Because,	from
my	point	of	view,	you’ve	only	been	running	it	a	couple	months.	It’s	all	so	fresh	for	me.
The	course	of	your	life	is	so	linear.	But	meanwhile	you.	It	had	been	so	long	for	you	that
you’d	 forgotten	 me,	 and	 forgotten	 the	 house	 you	 moved	 out	 of	 last	 month.	 Your	 entire
childhood,	gone	for	everyone	but	me.	All	those	years	spent	with	me.	All	those	years	I	gave
up	everything	to	spend	with	you.”
Her	 mother	 was	 crying.	 Jackie	 suddenly	 remembered	 that	 her	 mother’s	 name	 was
Lucinda.	Lucinda	was	crying.	Jackie	was	crying	too,	but	wiping	it	away	as	quickly	as	it
came,	even	now	uncomfortable	with	the	feeling	of	it.
“Dear,	 be	 kind	 to	 the	 mothers	 of	 Night	 Vale.	 Have	 pity	 on	 us.	 It’ll	 be	 no	 easier	 for
Diane.	Things	go	strange	here.	Your	children	forget	you,	and	the	courses	of	their	lives	get
frozen.	 Or	 they	 change	 shapes	 every	 day,	 and	 they	 think	 that	 just	 because	 they	 look
completely	 different	 you	 won’t	 be	 able	 to	 recognize	 them.	 But	 you	 always	 will.	 You
always	know	your	child,	even	when	your	child	doesn’t	know	you.
“Maybe	Josh	thinks	it’s	right	to	run	away.	Maybe	you	do	too.	But	all	I	know	is	Diane

is	in	the	same	place	I	am.	We	don’t	have	our	children.	We	have	the	faint,	distorted	echoes
of	our	children	that	this	town	sent	back	to	us.”
Jackie	 took	 Lucinda	 into	 her	 arms,	 not	 sure	 of	 what	 she	 could	 say	 but	 sure	 that	 a
gesture	would	say	it	as	well	as	any	stuttered	cliché.	Her	mother	cried,	but	not	into	Jackie,
still	 turned	 away	 from	 her,	 and	 Jackie	 started	 to	 feel	 as	 though	 it	 was	 her	 mother
comforting	her.	Maybe	Jackie	needed	comfort.
Jackie	looked	up,	eyes	bleary,	to	see	that	Troy	was	standing	there,	watching	them.	His
face	 was	 not	 expressionless,	 but	 his	 expression	 conveyed	 little.	 Lucinda	 did	 not	 seem
surprised	 to	 see	 him.	 Her	 expression	 also	 conveyed	 little.	 Jackie’s	 expression	 conveyed
anger	and	confusion,	mostly	with	her	eyes	and	eyebrows.	Troy	was	already	gone	again.
“Who	is	that	man,	Mom?	Why	is	he	in	your	backyard?”
Her	mother	waved	in	the	direction	where	Troy	had	been	standing	like	she	was	waving
off	a	fly	or	a	small	surveillance	drone.
“Don’t	worry	about	him.	Come,	let’s	go	inside.	That’s	just	your	father.”

38

“Troy	is	my	father?”
Jackie	perched	uneasily	in	her	chair.	Lucinda	sighed.
“Depends	on	what	you	mean	by	father,	dear.	He	contributed	some	genetics	to	you,	yes.
Never	was	much	good	for	anything	else.”
“But	Troy	was	with	Diane.	He’s	Josh’s	father.”
“Yes,	he	went	on	to	her	some	time	after	me.	He	was	still	so	young	then.	He’s	a	strange
one,	and	I’m	not	sure	that	time	works	for	him	either.”
Jackie	 leaned	 forward.	 Her	 mother	 leaned	 back.	 There	 was	 nothing	 aggressive	 or
defensive	about	the	movements,	but	they	happened	in	response	to	each	other.
“Josh	is	my	half-brother.”
“I	think	you’ll	find,	dear,	that	relationships	like	that	don’t	come	in	halves.	He’s	not	at
all	 your	 brother	 now,	 but	 if	 you	 wanted	 I	 suppose	 he	 could	 be	 entirely	 your	 brother.	 It
would	depend	on	how	you	related	to	him.”
“And	Diane	is	sort	of	my	stepmom?”
“She	 is	 the	 mother	 of	 the	 person	 who	 could	 be	 your	 brother,	 if	 you	 both	 wanted.	 It
sounds	like	maybe	she’s	also	a	friend.	But	that’s	it.”
Jackie	opened	her	mouth,	but	Lucinda	cut	her	off.
“Dear,	please	don’t	ask	me	why	I	didn’t	tell	you	this	earlier.	You	always	do	that.	I’ve
told	you	this	so	many	times,	and	every	time	you	are	stunned	and	swear	you	won’t	forget.
But	then	the	memory	recedes	for	you	and	you	don’t	know	me	again.	You	can’t	remember
me	 making	 you	 lunch	 when	 you	 were	 five,	 or	 tying	 your	 shoes	 for	 you,	 or	 helping	 you
through	the	awkward	lessons	of	puberty,	or	even	where	I	keep	the	silverware.”
“Where	is	the	silverware	drawer?”
“I	don’t	have	one,	dear.	You	knew	that	once.	I	have	a	silverware	trapdoor.	It’s	under
one	of	the	hot	milk	drawers.”
“Under	the	hot	milk	drawer.”	Jackie	tried	to	say	this	as	though	it	were	something	she
was	finally	remembering,	and	not	something	she	had	just	learned.
She	thought	about	Diane	and	she	thought	about	Josh,	and	Diane’s	face	when	she	found
out	that	Josh	was	missing.

Good	for	him,	she	had	thought,	even	as	she	had	sympathized	with	Diane’s	pain.
[bottomless	 chasm	 of	 regret	 and	 pain],	 she	 thought	 now,	 thinking	 back	 on	 it.	 Jackie
loved	Diane	for	missing	Josh.	She	loved	Diane	for	living	her	life	in	spite	of	Troy.
She	 also	 felt	 more	 uneasy	 about	 Diane	 now.	 Was	 she	 a	 mother,	 a	 friend,	 a	 sister,	 a
stranger?	Jackie	didn’t	know	how	to	proceed	with	this	new	knowledge.
Diane	experienced	time	in	a	normal	progression.	Her	memories	were	immediate	and
consistent.	Her	actions	begat	reactions	and	consequences.	She	could	feel	the	terror	of	loss
or	the	fear	of	pain	or	develop	complicated	and	loving	relationships	with	those	around	her.
Jackie	could	not.	Even	things	that	had	happened	moments	ago	would	start	to	fade	away
into	long-ago	distance	for	her.
“I’m	sorry,”	she	said,	and	she	took	her	mom	in	her	arms.	She	held	her	tight,	as	though
this	 would	 keep	 their	 experience	 of	 time	 from	 diverging.	 “I’m	 sorry	 I	 don’t	 remember,
Mom.”
Lucinda	smiled.
“You	will	age	someday,	dear.	We	all	age.	Some	of	us	take	longer	than	others.	You	are
always	nineteen	now.	Someday	you	will	never	be	nineteen.”
Jackie	moved	over	to	the	couch	to	sit	next	to	her	mom.	The	couch	was	spotless.	Her
mother	just	really	liked	things	clean.
“I’ll	remember	for	as	long	as	I	can,”	she	said.
She	hugged	her	mom	tight,	and,	after	a	moment,	her	mom	reciprocated.
“I’m	sorry	that	it	was	this	way,	Mom.	Not	I’m	sorry	like	an	apology.	I’m	sorry	as	in
sorrow.”
“Me	too,	dear.	Me	too	so	very	much.	Oh,	I	suppose	you	should	have	this.”
She	opened	a	drawer	in	the	coffee	table	and	rummaged	around.	Finally	she	pulled	out
an	old	photo.	An	extremely	old	photo,	yellowing	and	cracked,	and	bending	at	the	edges.	In
it,	there	was	a	man	who	was	definitely	Troy.	He	had	his	arm	around	a	little	girl.
“That’s	you	and	your	father.”
She	handed	it	to	Jackie,	who	made	a	strangled	sound.
“I	took	that	when	you	were	quite	little.	Before	he	left	both	of	our	lives.”
“But,	Mom,	this	photo.	This	photo	had	to	have	been	taken	at	least	a	hundred	years	ago.
That’s	City	Hall	downtown,	but	there	are	dirt	roads	and	wood	cabins	instead	of	stores,	and
instead	 of	 cars	 there	 are	 horses	 with	 huge	 wings.	 People	 haven’t	 flown	 wild	 horses	 in,
well,	in	I	literally	don’t	know	how	long.”
“Well,	dear,	you’ve	been	stuck	the	age	you	are	for	so	many	decades.	I	took	this	photo
just	 fourteen	 or	 fifteen	 years	 ago.	 It	 was	 a	 regular	 Polaroid	 then.	 Now	 look	 at	 it.	 It	 has
changed	 to	 match	 your	 years,	 and	 I	 still	 remember	 it	 as	 it	 was.	 It’s	 very	 much	 like	 you.
You	should	have	it.”

Jackie	put	the	photo	in	her	pocket.	Lucinda	smiled	weakly.
“It	will	be	different	from	now	on,”	Jackie	said.
She	looked	earnestly	at	her	mother.
“I	promise.”
She	looked	waveringly	at	her	mother.
“It	will.”
She	looked	away.
“The	effort	is	what	counts,	dear.	That’s	certainly	what	we	tell	ourselves.”
“Mom,	I	have	to	go.”	Jackie	grunted	through	the	strain	of	lifting	her	injured	body	from
the	seat.	“I’ll	see	you	again	soon.”
“He’s	not	a	bad	man,	your	father.	He’s	just	not	a	very	good	man	either.”
Jackie	walked	to	the	door.	She	felt	the	firm	flatness	of	the	photo	in	her	pocket	and	the
sharp	crumpled	edges	of	the	paper	in	her	cast.
Lucinda	sat	where	she	had	been	left,	but	soon	she	would	move	on	to	other	things.	She
would	clean	and	read	and	work	on	the	car	in	the	garage	and	all	the	other	things	she	did	to
fill	her	days.	She	had	a	life	of	her	own,	after	all.

39

Steve	 Carlsberg	 left	 a	 couple	 of	 messages	 saying	 he	 wondered	 if	 maybe	 Josh’s
disappearance	had	something	to	do	with	King	City	and	that	Steve	had	this	great	idea	that
Diane	should	go	to	King	City	and	that	he	could	drive	and	to	call	him	back	when	she	could.
No	one	else	had	called.	Diane	tried	saying	“Secret	Police”	into	the	microphone	above
her	fridge,	but	no	one	came.
She	went	to	the	garage	and	grabbed	Josh’s	bike.	She	had	never	had	much	money,	and,
given	 the	 loss	 of	 her	 job,	 she	 thought	 it	 best	 to	 not	 keep	 getting	 cabs.	 Plus,	 Night	 Vale
cabdrivers	couldn’t	always	be	relied	on	to	pick	you	up	or	drop	you	off	in	a	timely	manner,
as	they	stopped	constantly	to	take	improv	classes	and	pottery	workshops.
Josh’s	bike	was	dusty	and	the	rear	tire	was	nearly	flat.	He	had	been	anxious	to	leave
the	bike	behind.	It	was	definitely	a	kid’s	bicycle,	with	a	thick	frame	and	smaller	wheels
and	brightly	colored	decals	of	scenes	from	Pieter	Brueghel	the	Elder’s	Landscape	with	the
Fall	of	Icarus.
She	stuck	to	side	streets,	riding	slowly,	with	care.	The	trip	took	a	little	under	an	hour,
and	Diane	was	feeling	a	pulsing	pain	in	her	calf	by	the	time	she	pulled	up	to	the	front	of
the	 pawnshop.	 There	 was	 a	 black	 sedan	 with	 tinted	 windows	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 lot—the
windows	 cracked	 down	 enough	 for	 her	 to	 see	 two	 sunglassed	 agents	 of	 a	 vague	 yet
menacing	government	agency.	One	of	them	raised	her	camera	and	tried	to	take	a	photo	of
Diane,	but	the	camera	flashed,	only	reflecting	the	car	window	back	at	the	lens.	The	agent
swore.	Diane	waved	a	cursory	hello	at	them	and	walked	into	the	store.
Jackie	 slouched	 over	 the	 counter.	 She	 had	 her	 eyes	 closed	 and	 was	 breathing	 slowly
and	was	inattentive	to	the	living	world	around	her	and	was	deep	in	a	complexity	of	vivid,
nonsequential	mental	imagery,	but	she	was	not	asleep.
Diane	put	her	hand	on	the	glass	counter.
“Jackie?”
No	response.
“Jackie.”	Diane	slapped	the	counter.
Jackie’s	eyes	opened	and	focused	on	the	counter.	She	knew	that	Diane	was	there	but
was	too	overwhelmed	by	the	new	information	she	had	learned	to	care.	It	was	an	issue	she
was	having	with	the	world	in	general	that	day.
“Jackie,	I	need	your	help.”

Diane	reached	into	her	bag	and	pulled	out	a	plastic	bag	marked	“nope!”,	and	took	out	a
piece	of	paper	with	“KING	CITY”	all	over	it	in	Josh’s	handwriting.	She	placed	it	on	the
counter.
Jackie	winced.	She	batted	the	paper	off	the	counter.
“Jackie	I	need	you	to—”
“Why	did	you	bring	that	here?”
Diane	didn’t	know	what	to	say.	There	were	a	lot	of	reasons,	but	it	sounded	like	Jackie
didn’t	think	any	of	them	would	be	good	reasons.
“This	is	not	an	arts	and	crafts	project,	Diane.	I	am	living	with	this.	This	is	real.”	Jackie
shook	her	cast,	and	they	could	both	hear	the	rustle	of	paper	inside.	“I	only	just	got	out	of
the	hospital.”
“I	didn’t	mean—”
“You	 don’t	 dress	 like	 a	 person	 and	 suddenly	 you’re	 twins.	 You	 don’t	 get	 the	 same
haircut	and	suddenly	you’re	best	friends.	I’m	not	going	to	King	City,	okay?	I	can	barely
move.	My	mind	doesn’t	seem	to	connect	the	way	it	used	to.	I	don’t	have	a	car.	I	can’t	do
my	 job.	 If	 no	 one	 would	 remind	 me	 of	 that	 goddamn	 paper	 I	 could	 sit	 here	 forever	 and
never	think	of	it	or	anything	else	again.”
She	shook	her	head.
“I’m	sorry.	I	know	this	is	hard	for	you.	I	know	this	is	so	painful.	You’re	a	mother	and
you’re	trying	very	hard.	But	I	can	barely	hold	it	together	to	just	sit	here.	I	can’t	help	you.	I
can’t	even	help	myself.”
“I	found	that	in	Josh’s	room.”	Diane	did	not	raise	her	voice.	She	did	not	flush	in	anger
or	 frustration.	 She	 did	 not	 cajole	 or	 cater.	 She	 said	 what	 she	 knew	 as	 she	 knew	 it	 and
hoped	it	would	be	enough.	“I	don’t	know	if	it’s	somehow	related	to	Troy,	but	I	know	that
Josh	has	gone	to	King	City.	I	don’t	know	how	I	know,	but	I	know.	He’s	not	in	Night	Vale
anymore.	One	of	the	last	things	Ev	…	um	…”
“Evan.”
“Evan	 mentioned	 to	 me	 was	 Josh.	 He	 tried	 to	 give	 Josh	 a	 paper	 like	 yours.	 I	 didn’t
give	him	the	paper,	but	I	think	Josh	got	it.	And	I	think	Josh	went	to	King	City.”
Diane	 felt	 at	 a	 loss	 to	 the	 depth	 of	 her,	 an	 exhaustion	 that	 was	 not	 physical	 but	 that
slowed	her	body	all	the	same.	Jackie	felt	the	same	exhaustion,	her	body	a	single,	dull	ache.
They	felt	this	next	to	each	other,	neither	woman	realizing	it.
“But	everything	I	do	circles	me	back	to	King	City,”	said	Diane.	“Every	attempt	I	make
on	my	own	to	get	there	fails.	I	don’t	know	what	else	to	do.	I	think	if	we	went	together,	I
think	if	we	worked	together,	then	we	could	get	there.	We	could	make	it.”
Diane	leaned	across	the	counter,	meeting	Jackie	in	her	slump,	so	that	their	faces	were
very	close.	They	felt	each	other’s	breath.

“Jackie,”	she	said.	“Jackie.”
Jackie	heard,	but	did	not	indicate	it.
“I	pawned	that	tear	to	you	all	those	weeks	ago	for	a	reason.	And	I	don’t	know	what
that	 reason	 was.	 Everything	 I	 do	 is	 for	 a	 reason,	 and	 I	 know	 none	 of	 them.	 Everything
makes	sense,	and	the	sense	is	hidden	from	me.	We	live	in	a	pattern	that	we’ll	never	detect,
and	that	will	shuffle	us	through	invisible	hierarchies	to	the	actual	death	of	us.”
She	had	thought	none	of	these	thoughts	before,	exactly,	but	it	was	like	a	script	before
her.	The	sentences	were	obvious	and	immediate,	and	she	said	them	as	she	came	to	know
them.
“We	 are	 together	 on	 this.	 And	 I	 don’t	 know	 why,	 and	 I	 never	 will,	 and	 we	 just	 are.
Jackie?”
“Yeah,	Diane?”
“I’m	sorry	I	do	such	a	bad	job	of	expressing	it,	but	I	respect	you	a	lot.	There’s	no	one	I
trust	more	to	help	me	find	my	son	than	you.	There’s	no	one,	okay?”
Diane	felt	warm	around	her	eyes.
Jackie	shrugged.	“I	feel	bad	for	you,	man,	I	do.	I’ve	learned	some	things	today	that	I
didn’t	remember	before.	I	wish	I	could	help	you.	But	I	hurt	all	over.	I’m	slouching	onto
my	bones.”
“I	can’t	heal	you.	You’re	going	to	hurt,	hurt	bad,	either	way.	But	I	think	if	you	come
with	 me,	 we	 can	 find	 answers,	 Jackie.	 We	 made	 it	 out	 of	 the	 library	 together.	 We	 work
well	together,	for	whatever	reason.	I’m	not	asking	you	to	…	I’m	just	asking	…	I	just	want
us	to	try.”
She	 drew	 her	 hands	 together	 in	 front	 of	 her	 chest	 like	 a	 person	 in	 prayer.	 Jackie
considered	this	woman,	the	mother	of	what	could	one	day	be	her	brother.	She	thought	of
what	Lucinda	said	about	being	a	mother,	slowly	losing	a	child.
“Put	your	hands	down.	I	don’t	know	why	you’re	doing	that,	it	looks	weird.	Fine.	Yes.
I’ll	come	with	you.”
Diane	clapped	once	and	hugged	her.
“I’ll	do	my	best	to	help,”	said	Jackie,	“but	my	best	might	not	be	anything	at	all.”
She	pulled	herself	gently	from	Diane’s	hug	and	pointed	out	the	window	at	the	bike.
“Neither	of	us	has	a	car	now.	So	how	are	we	getting	there?	We	gonna	take	that	cute
ride	of	yours,	or	what?”
Diane	frowned.
“No,	I	don’t	suppose.”
Diane	considered	several	options.	The	obvious	was	to	rent	a	car,	but	she	was	basically
out	 of	 money.	 Diane’s	 only	 credit	 card	 was	 an	 American	 Express	 Uranium	 Card,	 which
was	 a	 dangerous	 card	 to	 use	 because	 it	 does	 not	 allow	 revolving	 credit	 and	 is	 made

entirely	of	enriched	uranium.	Few	merchants	accept	American	Express	Uranium	Cards,	or
even	allow	them	in	their	stores,	but	she	did	get	double	mileage	points	if	anyone	accepted	it
and	survived.
Diane	leaned	her	head	back,	exhaling	upward,	hoping	for	a	solid	thump	of	a	thought	to
fall	into	her	mind.	She	blinked.	She	stared	up.	Nothing.
“Is	there	anyone	whose	car	we	could	borrow?”	Jackie	said.
“Steve	would	definitely	do	that.	He’s	always	so	helpful	and	nice.	But	he’s	not	been	so
reliable	these	da—”	A	solid	thump	of	a	thought.	“What	about	that?”
On	one	of	the	highest	shelves,	there	was	a	Mercedes,	only	a	few	years	old,	and	once
offered	with	urgency	by	a	young	man	wearing	a	gray	pin-striped	suit	stained	with	dirt.	The
luxury	sedan	was	perfectly	balanced	across	the	drive	train,	resting	perpendicularly	on	the
ten-foot	wooden	shelf.
Jackie	smiled,	and	then	winced.	It	hurt	to	smile.	It	hurt	not	emotionally	but	physically,
due	to	the	trauma	to	her	muscles.	She	had	not	smiled	since	the	accident.
“Keys	are	in	the	ignition,”	she	said.
“Great,”	Diane	said	but	didn’t	do	anything	because:	“How	are	we	going	to—”
“I	don’t	know.”
“But	how	did	you	in	the	first	place?”
“I	don’t	remember.”
“So	we’re	stuck	again.”
“Looks	like.”
No	time	passed	and	nothing	happened,	but	the	Mercedes	was	down	from	the	shelf	and
out	in	the	parking	lot.	Around	them	was	an	open	toolbox,	a	trail	of	feathers,	and	a	large
quantity	of	ball	bearings.	The	air	smelled	like	a	burnt	match.
They	took	a	long	moment	to	absorb	this	new	reality,	and	then,	like	good	Night	Vale
citizens,	categorized	it	as	unexplainable	and	set	it	aside	forever.
“Guess	we	took	it	down	the	same	way	I	put	it	up,”	said	Jackie.
She	couldn’t	remember	what	way	that	was.
“Wow,”	said	Diane.	“I’m	impressed	with	us.	I	hope	I	helped	somehow.”
“Dude,	I’m	sure	you	did.”
“That’s	sweet	of	you.”
“Shall	we?”
While	 Jackie	 headed	 upstairs	 to	 her	 desk	 to	 pack	 a	 couple	 of	 personal	 items,	 Diane
wandered	around	the	store,	looking	at	what	had	been	pawned.	She	found	her	tear,	and	was
disappointed	 that	 no	 one	 had	 bought	 it	 yet,	 but	 pleased	 that	 Jackie	 had	 displayed	 it	 so

prominently	on	her	shelves.	And	then	she	saw	something	that	gave	her	pause.
Below	a	series	of	cute	porcelain	figurines	depicting	young	couples	committing	thought
crimes	and	hiding	evidence,	there	was	a	trash	can.	Resting	on	top	of	the	trash	can	was	a
box.	It	was	a	simple	brown	cardboard	box.	She	knew	exactly	what	kind	of	box	it	was.	It
was	 the	 box	 that	 No.	 9	 envelopes	 come	 in.	 She	 was	 familiar	 with	 this	 kind	 of	 box.	 The
only	 office	 that	 used	 No.	 9	 envelopes	 in	 Night	 Vale	 was	 the	 one	 that	 she	 had,	 until
recently,	worked	at.
She	crouched	down	to	examine	it.	There	was	a	long	wood	handle	leaning	against	the
side,	 belonging	 to	 a	 four-foot	 garden	 hoe.	 The	 metal	 edge	 of	 the	 hoe	 was	 stained	 and
sticky	with	clumps	of	dark	brown	fur.
She	set	down	the	hoe	and	touched	the	lid	of	the	box.	She	grew	sad.	She	did	not	know
why	she	was	sad.	She	grew	scared.	She	did	not	know	why	she	was	scared.
She	lifted	the	lid	and	saw.	She	saw.	And	she	felt.	And	for	a	moment	she	was	not.	And
then	she	was.	She	held	her	hand	to	her	mouth.
When	 Jackie	 got	 to	 the	 Mercedes,	 slow	 and	 limping,	 Diane	 was	 already	 in	 the
passenger	seat.
“Let’s	do	this,”	Jackie	said.
Diane’s	 elbow	 was	 on	 the	 window	 ledge.	 She	 had	 lost	 some	 of	 her	 color	 and	 was
staring	out	the	window	at	nothing	in	particular.
Jackie	did	not	know	exactly	what	it	must	be	like	to	have	a	son	go	missing,	but	it	must
be	exhausting.	She	knew	about	exhaustion.	She	knew	about	pain.
“You	feeling	okay?”
“I	pawned	that	tear	to	you	because	school	was	starting	and	I	needed	the	money,”	Diane
said.	“That	was	the	only	reason.	I	made	up	that	other	stuff	because	I	thought	it	might	get
you	to	come	with	me.”
“I	know.”
“Okay	then.”
Jackie	started	the	car,	pressed	her	feet	to	both	pedals,	and	backed	out	with	a	squeal	of
vulcanized	rubber	and	a	puff	of	gray	smoke.	The	agent	in	the	black	sedan	nearby	snapped
photos	of	their	going,	each	one	ruined	by	the	flash,	each	ruin	followed	by	a	muttering	of
curses.	The	women	drove	away	leaving	two	black	curls,	like	horns,	across	the	crumbling
asphalt	lot.
Two	 beings,	 definitely	 not	 angels,	 both	 named	 Erika,	 stepped	 out	 from	 behind	 the
pawnshop,	 where	 they	 had	 been	 hiding.	 They	 were	 drenched	 in	 sweat	 and	 their	 hands
were	covered	in	black	grease.

40

Jackie	guided	the	Mercedes	onto	Route	800.	It	drove	so	differently	from	her	old	car.	Her
old	car	had	felt	like	making	a	plan,	whereas	this	car	felt	like	an	improvisation.	Or	maybe	it
was	that	she	was	driving	with	one	arm.
Diane	grinned	at	her	and	she	grinned	back.	It	was	hard	to	fight	the	feeling	of	triumph.
Diane	 clutched	 hard	 at	 the	 slip	 of	 paper	 that	 said	 “KING	 CITY”	 in	 Josh’s	 handwriting.
She	couldn’t	let	go	of	it.	Or,	unlike	Jackie,	she	could,	but,	unlike	Jackie,	she	wouldn’t.
They	passed	Old	Woman	Josie’s	house,	next	to	the	used	car	lot.	She	was	standing	in
the	front	yard	with	all	the	Erikas,	as	if	she	knew	they	were	coming	by.	The	Erikas	seemed
out	of	breath.	Josie	had	her	hand	up	but	she	wasn’t	waving.	She	was	gesturing,	but	Jackie
couldn’t	understand	what	the	gesture	was.	She	gave	her	own	meaningless	gesture	back.	A
used	 car	 salesman	 stood	 on	 the	 roof	 of	 an	 old	 Toyota	 hatchback	 and	 howled.	 Jackie
howled	back.	She	hadn’t	been	this	happy	since	before	the	trouble	had	begun.	The	highway
was	a	simple	path	laid	out	for	her.
Diane	turned	around,	watching	Night	Vale	retreat	into	the	distance.
“Seems	small,”	she	said.	“I	mean,	not	just	from	here.	It	just	seems	so	small	now.	Such
a	small	place	to	live	a	whole	life.”
“You	haven’t	lived	your	whole	life	yet.”
“I	really	hope	you’re	right.”
Larry	 Leroy’s,	 out	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 town,	 was	 the	 last	 house	 they	 passed.	 Larry	 was
nowhere	 to	 be	 seen.	 His	 house	 sagged	 into	 itself,	 an	 unmaintained	 heap	 of	 wood	 barely
holding	the	shape	of	a	house.	It	thought	about	nothing	at	all.
Then	they	were	out	in	the	open	desert.	Jackie	tried	to	think	of	a	time	she	had	been	even
this	far	outside	of	Night	Vale.	All	she	could	remember	were	endless	days	at	the	pawnshop.
For	the	first	time,	she	felt	sad	thinking	about	those	days	rather	than	nostalgic.	She	didn’t
know	what	that	meant.
“Diane,	 what	 does	 it	 mean	 when	 you	 know	 you’re	 feeling	 something	 but	 you	 don’t
know	what	that	feeling	is?”
Diane	considered	this	seriously	for	a	long	time.
“It	means	you’re	growing	older.”
“I	never	grow	older.”

“I	guess	we	all	thought	that	once.”
The	 desert	 went	 on	 so	 far	 out	 into	 the	 distance	 that	 it	 was	 easy	 to	 imagine	 that	 it
constituted	the	entire	world.	But	Jackie	knew,	even	though	she	didn’t	quite	believe	it,	that
the	desert	was	barely	a	fraction	of	the	world.	It	frightened	her,	the	possibility	of	space.	The
tininess	of	home.	Her	chest	felt	like	a	bubble	about	to	pop,	and	she	tried	to	hold	still.
“Is	it	hard	getting	old?”
“Only	as	hard	as	you	let	it	be.	Easier	than	the	alternative.”
“Dying?”
“Oh	no.	No,	that’s	actually	easier	than	anything.	I	meant	getting	younger.”
Jackie	laughed,	although	she	didn’t	find	it	funny.	There	are	other	reasons	for	laughter.
They	settled	in	for	a	long	drive.	Diane	was	closing	her	eyes	for	a	nap	before	it	was	her
turn	to	drive	when	Jackie	pointed,	swerving	the	car	since	her	pointing	hand	was	also	her
steering	 hand,	 straightened	 the	 car	 back	 out,	 and	 said	 to	 the	 now	 wide	 awake	 Diane,
“Look!”
There	was	a	sign	that	said	 KING	CITY	with	an	arrow	pointing	at	an	exit	looping	away
from	the	highway	out	into	the	sand.
“I	guess	we	take	that.”
Jackie	pulled	the	car	onto	the	exit.	As	she	did,	she	felt	her	stomach	start	to	rise,	like
she	was	being	carried.
“Do	you	feel	that?”
“Yes.	Something’s	not	right.”
The	exit	loop	kept	turning.	She	couldn’t	see	how	the	loop	could	possibly	be	that	long.
The	curve	just	wouldn’t	end.	They	went	and	went.	For	ten	minutes	they	did	a	long,	slow
curve	along	the	exit	loop.
“This	isn’t	good,”	said	Jackie.
“Well	it’s	not	great.”
Jackie	started	to	wonder	if	she	would	be	turning	the	car	in	to	the	gentle	curve	for	the
rest	of	her	life,	and	just	as	she	started	to	wonder	that,	the	road	straightened	them	out	and
spat	them	out	on	a	highway.	They	drove	past	a	house	sagged	into	itself,	an	unmaintained
heap	of	wood	barely	holding	the	shape	of	a	house.
“Oh	goddammit.”
Up	 ahead	 was	 Old	 Woman	 Josie’s	 house,	 and	 the	 used	 car	 lot.	 This	 time	 Josie	 was
alone.	 Her	 arms	 were	 crossed.	 She	 nodded	 at	 them,	 as	 if	 this,	 and	 everything	 else,	 was
exactly	as	she	suspected.
“Turns	out	working	together	doesn’t	make	King	City	any	easier	to	get	to,”	said	Jackie.
“I	 was	 wrong,”	 said	 Diane,	 furiously	 staring	 at	 the	 paper	 in	 her	 hands.	 Tears	 were

pouring	from	her	eyes,	but	she	didn’t	make	a	sound.
She	looked	up	at	Jackie,	not	making	any	move	to	wipe	the	tears.	Jackie	held	her	gaze
for	a	long	moment,	letting	the	car	roll	down	the	highway	without	watching	where	it	was
going.
“Okay,	we’ll	find	another	way,”	Jackie	said.
“There	is	no	other	way.”
Jackie	nodded	at	the	houses	and	strip	mall	parking	lots	they	were	passing.
“This	 is	 Night	 Vale.	 Our	 mayor	 once	 led	 an	 army	 of	 masked	 warriors	 from	 another
dimension	 through	 magic	 doors	 to	 defeat	 an	 army	 of	 smiling	 blood-covered	 office
workers.	There	is	definitely,	definitely	another	way.”
They	continued	into	Night	Vale,	without	aim,	listening	only	to	the	sound	of	the	wind	in
the	windows	and	the	voice	of	Cecil	Palmer	from	the	radio.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	…	fate	worse	than	death.	Most	fates	are.	This	has	been	health	news.
Listeners,	 I’m	 excited	 to	 have	 here	 in	 my	 studio	 this	 afternoon	 two	 of	 my	 favorite
people,	Old	Woman	Josie	and	Carlos.
Josie,	you	have	been	a	lifelong	resident	of	Night	Vale.
JOSIE:	Everyone	in	Night	Vale	has	been	a	lifelong	resident	of	Night	Vale.
CECIL:	 Not	 everyone,	 Josie.	 A	 certain	 handsome	 scientist	 comes	 to	 mind,	 as	 he	 often
does.	 But	 anyway,	 you	 headed	 up	 the	 board	 of	 the	 Night	 Vale	 Opera	 for	 many	 decades
until	the	puppy	infestation	in	the	late	1990s.	You	claim	to	know	several	angels.
JOSIE:	They’re	here	in	studio	with	me	today.	Say	hi,	Erikas.
ERIKAS:	[off	mic,	distant]	Hi.	Hello.	Good	to	be	here.
CECIL:	You	are	all	very	tall	with	beautiful	wings.	I	do	not	believe	in	angels,	of	course,	no
one	does	or	can,	but	if	I	did,	I	bet	they	would	look	a	lot	like	you.
We	also	have	here	today	Carlos,	who	is	a	scientist.
CARLOS:	Hi,	Cecil.	It’s	good	to	be	here.
CECIL:	An	attractive	scientist	who	is	a	good	cook.
CARLOS:	Stop.
CECIL:	 An	 attractive	 scientist	 who	 is	 a	 good	 cook	 who	 maybe	 can	 pick	 up	 some
toothpaste	and	paper	towels	on	the	way	home	this	evening?
CARLOS:	Already	done.	Also	dog	food.
CECIL:	 Scientists	 are	 so	 vital	 to	 our	 community.	 Now,	 Josie,	 you’re	 here	 today	 with
Carlos	because	of	something	to	do	with	flamingos?
JOSIE:	Right.	Plastic	lawn	flamingos.	Everyone	is	familiar	with	these	things.
CARLOS:	 Flamingos,	 a	 common	 desert	 bird,	 have	 six	 long	 legs,	 and	 are	 well	 known
because	of	their	bright	pink	feathers	and	double	beaks	and	many	eyes.
JOSIE:	These	plastic	ones	are	basic,	cheap	lawn	decorations.
CECIL:	Josie,	you	garden	quite	a	bit.	You	bought	these	ornaments	for	your	place?
JOSIE:	 Yes,	 we	 were	 going	 through	 that	 new	 place,	 Lenny’s	 Bargain	 House	 of
Gardenwares	and	Machine	Parts,	trying	to	find	something	new	for	the	garden	to	replace

the	buried	idol	dedicated	to	long-dead	gods	we	had	recently	taken	out.	It’s	fun	to	collect
those	 idols,	 but	 the	 long-dead	 gods	 demand	 so	 much	 worship	 and	 sacrifice,	 and	 if	 you
don’t	 do	 it,	 they	 start	 throwing	 a	 real	 fit,	 causing	 the	 idol	 to	 float	 and	 speak	 to	 you	 and
sending	 terrible	 visions	 to	 your	 dreams.	 Blegh.	 Not	 worth	 the	 bother	 just	 to	 have
something	decorating	your	lawn.	It	was	Erika	over	there	who	discovered	the	flamingos.
ERIKA:	[off	mic,	distant]	Hey.
JOSIE:	 They	 were	 just	 too	 adorable	 to	 pass	 up,	 and	 they	 seemed	 like	 they	 couldn’t
possibly	be	as	much	trouble	as	those	damn	idols.
Erika	over	there—
ERIKA:	[off	mic,	distant]	Hey.
JOSIE:	Hi,	Erika.	They	took	the	plastic	flamingos	from	Erika	to	put	them	in	the	grass,	and
as	 they	 lifted	 their	 mallet,	 Erika	 disappeared	 from	 our	 view.	 Just	 vanished.	 Only	 to
reappear	what	seemed	like	a	few	minutes	later	standing	next	to	us.	Erika	said—Erika,	tell
everyone	what	you	said.
ERIKA:	[off	mic,	distant]	I	said,	“Hey,	y’all,	what’s	up?”
CARLOS:	Erika	had	jumped	back	in	time	and	also	in	space	after	touching	the	flamingos.
JOSIE:	Right.
CARLOS:	And	at	other	times,	Erika	jumped	forward	in	time	and	into	a	different	physical
space.	Josie	called	me	to	run	tests	and	experiments.	So	we	brought	all	of	the	flamingos	to
my	lab.
JOSIE:	There	were	more	than	two	dozen	of	them	now.	Every	time	Erika	jumped	in	time,
the	flamingos	duplicated.
CECIL:	 How	 did	 you	 get	 them	 to	 the	 lab?	 Does	 anything	 that	 touches	 them	 become
affected	by	their	…	what’s	the	scientific	word	for	it	…	weird	magic?
CARLOS:	That’s	not	the	scientific	term	for	it,	but	it’s	cute.	So	we’re	examining	the	timeshifting	pink	flamingos	and—
JOSIE:	Oh,	to	answer	your	question,	Cecil,	we	had	to	wrap	them	in	blankets	and	towels
and	 marley,	 which	 is	 the	 rubbery	 material	 modern	 dancers	 perform	 on.	 Erika	 was	 not
pleased	that	we	took	up	part	of	their	rehearsal	studio	floor,	but	science	is	important.
CARLOS:	Right,	and	we	took	them	to	the	lab	and	I	hooked	the	plastic	flamingos	up	to	a
wall-size	 computer	 that	 was	 covered	 in	 blinking	 lights	 and	 big	 red,	 green,	 and	 yellow
buttons	while	a	single	strip	of	paper	filled	with	numbers	came	out	of	a	small	slot	on	the
front.
CECIL:	 Science	 is	 remarkable.	 So	 complex	 and	 mysterious.	 I’m	 always	 in	 awe	 of	 what
you	and	your	team	can	do.
CARLOS:	Thanks.	But	it’s	pretty	simple.	We	just	follow	the	scientific	method.	No	matter
how	 advanced	 the	 scientific	 field	 gets,	 the	 foundation	 of	 scientific	 discovery	 is	 the

scientific	method	we	all	learned	in	elementary	school.
CECIL:	I’m	not	sure	I	ever	learned	that.
CARLOS:	 Oh,	 it’s	 easy.	 Here,	 I’ll	 tell	 you	 and	 your	 listeners	 right	 now.	 The	 scientific
method	is	four	steps:
1.	Find	an	object	you	want	to	know	more	about.
2.	Hook	that	object	up	to	a	machine	using	wires	or	tubes.
3.	Write	things	on	a	clipboard.
4.	Read	the	results	that	the	machine	prints.
CECIL:	Of	course.	I	totally	remember	this	now.
JOSIE:	What	Carlos	found	was	that	the	flamingos	were	from	another	place,	and	obviously
another	time.	They	must	have	been	brought	here	by	an	outsider.
CARLOS:	Their	parts	are	not	made	of	materials	indigenous	to	Night	Vale.	Plastic	does	not
grow	naturally	here	in	the	desert,	nor	do	long,	thin	metal	stakes.
JOSIE:	The	reason	we	wanted	to	come	on	the	air	with	you	today	was	to	let	others	in	Night
Vale	know	about	the	danger	these	plastic	flamingos	pose.	We’ve	managed	to	gather	a	lot
of	them	up,	but	there	could	still	be	more	about	town.
Before	I	knew	what	they	were,	I	had	tried	giving	them	away	and	selling	them,	but	they
kept	reappearing.
If	you	see	a	plastic	flamingo,	do	not	touch	it.	Call	Carlos	at	his	lab	and	he’ll	come	get
it.
CARLOS:	Yes,	I	have	a	storage	locker	next	to	my	lab	where	I	am	safely	keeping	them	all.
We	are	managing	to	get	them	all	off	the	streets.	Fortunately,	we	have	locked	away	all	of
the	ones	we	could	find	in	my	lab	storage	so	that	they	can	no	longer	threaten	Night	Vale.
We’re	 pretty	 certain	 we’ve	 found	 them	 all,	 but	 just	 in	 case	 you	 find	 any,	 do	 not	 touch
them.	I	repeat,	do	no—

41

“Let’s	touch	them.”
“What?”	Diane	was	enjoying	listening	to	Cecil.	She	loved	the	end	of	his	show,	where
he	said,	“Good	night,	Night	Vale,	good	night.”	No	matter	how	difficult	her	life	was	or	how
troublesome	the	news	he	was	reporting,	his	voice	and	his	sign-off	put	her	at	such	ease.
“The	flamingos.”
“Touch	them?”
“They	jump	people	into	different	times	and	spaces.	Maybe	that’s	the	thing	we	need	to
get	out	of	Night	Vale	and	into	King	City.”
“Maybe.”	Diane,	sounding	off	mic,	distant.
“We’ve	got	to	try	something.”
“Sure.	I	thought	working	together	was	the	key	too,	but	it	didn’t	work	at	all.”
“If	we	didn’t	work	together,	we	wouldn’t	have	this	car.	We	wouldn’t	be	listening	to	the
radio.”
Diane	sat	up.	“The	tear.	When	I	sold	you	my	tear.	On	the	shelf	behind	you.	There	was
bundle	of	plastic	flamingos.	I	remember	this	now.	I	remember	thinking	about	the	color	of
those	beautiful	birds	with	their	double	beaks	and	six	stringy	legs.	About	how	Josh	loves
flamingos.	Jackie,	they’re	in	your	shop.”
Jackie	was	quiet.
“They’re	not?	Who’d	you	sell	them	to?”
“No	 one.”	 Jackie	 had	 pulled	 the	 car	 to	 a	 stop	 in	 the	 parking	 lot	of	Patty’s	Hardware
and	Discount	Pastries,	just	a	few	blocks	from	the	barista	district	of	Night	Vale.	“When	I
came	back	to	the	shop	after	the	hospital,	they	were	just	gone.	A	lot	of	things	were	gone
actually.	 Maybe	 stuff	 was	 stolen,	 but	 that	 seems	 impossible,	 because	 I	 make	 sure	 to
remove	and	hide	my	doors	anytime	I’m	not	there.”
“Then	I	don’t	know	where	we	can	get	a	flamingo.	Carlos	said	he’s	got	them	all.”
“Can	you	hang	on,	Diane?	I	need	to	run	into	this	store	and	get	something.”
“Sure.	Oh,	if	you’re	going	into	Patty’s,	can	you	get	me	a	croissant?”
“Got	it.”	Jackie	shut	the	door.
Diane	 considered	 the	 ways	 they	 could	 get	 a	 plastic	 flamingo.	 Driving	 around	 town

looking	would	take	all	day,	especially	if	Carlos	and	his	team	of	scientists	and	Josie	and	her
team	of	angels	or	whatever	they	were	had	already	done	a	lot	of	searching.
The	 radio	 station	 was	 not	 too	 far	 from	 here.	 They	 could	 head	 over	 there	 and	 see	 if
Carlos	 would	 let	 them	 have	 one	 of	 the	 flamingos.	 This	 would	 be	 a	 tough	 ask,	 but
considering	how	much	Cecil	cared	for	Diane	and	for	her	search	for	Josh,	she	might	have
the	ally	she	needed	to	convince	the	handsome	scientist	to	hand	over	a	bird	or	two.
No,	she	realized,	that	wouldn’t	work.	He’s	a	scientist.	Above	all	things,	scientists	are
protectors	of	our	world.	“Scientist	is	another	word	for	hero,”	Mayor	Cardinal	was	fond	of
saying.	They	use	science	to	not	only	learn	things	but	also	to	change	those	things	so	that
everything	is	better	going	forward.	Just	like	the	scientist	who	cured	polio,	or	that	couple
who	invented	radiation,	or	the	astrologers	who	write	our	futures	for	us.
A	good	scientist	would	never	compromise	societal	good	for	one	person’s	needs.
Jackie	opened	the	door	to	the	car.
“Here’s	your	croissant.”	She	handed	Diane	a	cup	full	of	melted	butter,	yeast,	salt,	and
cold	 water	 as	 well	 as	 a	 spoon	 and	 napkin.	 After	 wheat	 and	 wheat	 by-products	 became
illegal	in	Night	Vale,	Patty	continued	to	make	her	pastries	using	the	same	ingredients	and
techniques,	minus	the	flour.
“Thanks,”	 Diane	 said,	 desperate	 for	 a	 snack.	 “Hey,	 Jackie,	 listen.	 I’ve	 been	 thinking
about	how	to	get	a	flamingo.	It’s	a	long	shot	but	…	What’s	that?”
Across	 Jackie’s	 lap	 was	 a	 metal	 crowbar,	 solid	 black	 save	 for	 a	 small	 yellow	 price
sticker.
“We’re	going	to	go	to	the	lab	to	get	some	flamingos.	If	Carlos	is	on	the	radio,	who’s
going	to	stop	us?”
Diane	bit	her	lip.	She	stared	at	the	crowbar.
“I’ve	never	thought	of	myself	as	a	person	who	steals	things.”
“Well,	what’s	your	plan?”
“Never	mind.	It	wouldn’t	have	worked.	Let’s	steal	them.”
They	drove	to	the	science	district	and	pulled	up	to	Carlos’s	lab.	Diane	was	on	lookout
while	Jackie	tried	to	crack	the	combo	lock	with	her	crowbar,	which	was	not	as	easy	as	it
looks	in	Lee	Marvin	films.
Loud	 metal	 thwack	 after	 loud	 metal	 thwack	 made	 Diane	 nervous.	 Surely	 someone
would	 come	 to	 see	 what	 the	 noise	 was.	 Or	 worse,	 someone	 would	 summon	 the	 Secret
Police	using	the	poorly	hidden	microphone	in	their	house.	They	would	surely	be	arrested,
or	maybe	even	vanished.
Jackie	had	not	made	any	progress	when	a	woman	with	long,	wild	hair	and	long,	wild
nails	and	long,	wild	eyes	touched	her	shoulder.	Jackie	pivoted	around	and	raised	the	iron
bar	in	an	automatic	defensive	response.	The	woman	did	not	flinch.

“The	world	ended	over	thirty	years	ago,”	the	woman	said.
“Did	it?”	Jackie	said.	She	kept	the	crowbar	up.
“I	live	inside	the	Community	College.	I	should	know.”
“Are	you	a	scientist?”	Diane	asked,	moving	between	the	woman	and	Jackie,	waving
for	her	to	lower	the	crowbar.	Jackie	did	not.
“1983,”	the	woman	said.
“Is	1983	when	the	world	ended?”	Diane	said,	in	the	way	a	mother	might	ask	a	child	if
a	picture	of	a	train	is	a	train.
“No!	Are	you	crazy?”	the	woman	said.	“Well,	maybe.	Hard	to	say	exactly	what	date.”
“What’s	1983	then?”	Jackie	said,	finally	lowering	the	crowbar	because	her	arm	didn’t
have	any	more	strength	to	keep	it	up.
“Combo	to	that	lock	you’re	trying	to	smash.”
“Who’s	 trying	 to	 smash	 a	 lock?	 I	 was	 just	 checking	 how	 strong	 it	 was,”	 Jackie	 said
while	smashing	the	lock	once	more.
“The	 good-looking	 guy	 keeps	 snacks	 in	 there	 sometimes.	 Mostly	 crap	 though.	 You
want	the	tasty	stuff,	go	to	the	biomed	neighborhood.	They	almost	always	have	beef	jerky.”
“Thanks,”	Diane	said.	“We	will.”
Jackie	 shrugged	 and	 tried	 the	 code.	 The	 door	 opened	 with	 an	 electronic	 whir.	 The
woman	pushed	past	them	and	rummaged	through	the	fridge	while	they	grabbed	a	couple
of	the	linen-wrapped	plastic	flamingos.
They	locked	the	lab	back	up,	hopped	into	the	Mercedes,	and	drove.
Diane	drove	to	give	Jackie	a	rest	after	the	exertion	of	failing	to	break	the	lock.	Soon
they	were	back	on	Route	800,	heading	the	same	direction	as	before.
They	 passed	 Old	 Woman	 Josie’s	 house,	 next	 to	 the	 used	 car	 lot.	 No	 one	 was	 in	 the
front	yard.	The	used	car	salesman	still	stood	on	the	roof	of	the	old	Toyota,	howling.	Diane
did	not	howl	back,	but	she	felt	hopeful,	once	again.	Every	time	she	was	hopeful.
“Jackie.”
“Mm.”
“Thank	you	for	keeping	me	company	in	my	nightmare.”
Jackie	grinned	at	her.
“Nah,	it’s	our	nightmare	now.”
Diane	smiled	a	little,	meant	it	a	lot.	Jackie	took	the	flamingos	from	their	wrapping	and
laid	them	across	the	center	armrest,	and	they	both	put	a	hand	on	them.	For	a	moment	they
both	separately	thought	about	holding	the	other’s	hand,	and	both	separately	decided	not	to.

42

Jackie	could	not	remember	the	highway	exactly,	but	she	knew	she	was	in	a	car,	and	that
car	must	have	come	from	somewhere.	She	cast	a	rearward	glance.	Empty	fields	and	low
hills	 and	 the	 101	 freeway,	 a	 distant,	 growling	 ribbon	 with	 no	 obvious	 way	 to	 get	 from
there	to	here.
“How	did	we	get	here?”	she	asked.
“What	do	you	mean?”
“Did	we	take	a	highway?”
“We	 took	 the	 highway.	 We	 used	 these.”	 Diane	 indicated	 the	 flamingos	 under	 their
hands.	Somewhere	during	the	journey	they	had	grasped	each	other’s	hands	after	all.
A	 sign	 by	 the	 road	 said,	 KING	 CITY	 WELCOMES	 YOU	 across	 a	 drawing	 of	 two	 dolphins
leaping	in	fat,	blue	arcs	over	a	faded	sketch	of	a	factory.	The	wooden	sign	had	grown	pale
with	water	damage	and	disrepair,	so	the	factory	building	looked	hidden	in	its	own	smog.
Below	 the	 factory	 was	 a	 banner	 that	 read	 MAYOR	 E	 …	 But	 the	 remaining	 letters	 had
long	ago	lost	their	legibility.	There	was	a	very	large	crow	standing	just	below	the	sign	in
the	red	desert	dirt,	but,	as	they	drove	slowly	past,	Jackie	realized	it	wasn’t	a	large	crow	at
all,	but	a	very	strange	dog.
The	dog	(or	perhaps	it	was	a	crow;	it	was	tough	to	tell)	stared	at	Jackie	as	they	rolled
by,	mouth	agape,	displaying	small,	sharp	teeth	and	a	thin,	red	tongue.
“Guess	it	worked,”	Diane	said,	smiling,	but	not	feeling	any	joy.
“Yes,”	Jackie	said,	cringing,	but	not	feeling	any	fear.
There	 were	 few	 cars	 on	 the	 road	 as	 they	 entered	 what	 seemed	 to	 be	 the	 business
district.	The	cars	that	were	there	were	taupe,	long,	flat-hooded	with	short	windshields,	and
they	moved	slowly,	well	below	speed	limits.	No	pedestrians	were	on	the	streets.
The	dusk	brought	a	sandy	mist	to	the	hot	air,	turning	the	sky	ocher.	There	was	a	dull
roar	from	above,	as	if	a	seashell	had	been	placed	directly	atop	the	town.
Diane	drove	past	the	post	office,	which	was	a	one-story	stucco	building	with	no	front
door,	a	splintered	parapet	wall	with	letters	missing	from	its	marquee,	and	a	tree	that	had
grown	through	the	broken	sidewalk	and	into	one	of	the	many	shattered	windows	lining	its
front.	There	was	no	sign	of	movement	inside.
The	hum	of	the	sky	did	not	let	up.	It	sounded	like	a	low-flying	jet	in	a	never-ending

holding	pattern.	Diane	began	to	hear	whispers	in	the	noise,	the	way	one	sees	patterns	in
clouds.	The	whispers	were	not	words	but	had	the	rhythm	of	language,	the	tone	was	needy
and	desperate,	but	no	matter	how	much	she	concentrated	she	couldn’t	understand	any	of	it.
The	whispers	sounded	like	her	own	voice.
Diane	 felt	 both	 here	 and	 elsewhere.	 Like	 she	 was	 in	 the	 car	 with	 Jackie,	 but	 also
entering	 addresses	 into	 a	 spreadsheet	 at	 work.	 She	 was	 sitting	 at	 her	 desk,	 clicking
keyboard	 keys,	 with	 headphones	 in	 listening	 to	 soft	 rock.	 Diane	 felt	 two	 of	 herself.	 She
had	 never	 looked	 at	 herself	 before,	 not	 like	 this.	 She	 did	 not	 recognize	 herself,	 but	 she
understood	who	she	was.	Diane	looked	at	her	hand	on	the	flamingos	and	felt	her	hand	on
her	work	desk.
Jackie’s	good	arm	was	out	the	window,	the	sandy	air	tickling	her	skin	with	hundreds	of
inconsequential	stings,	a	tangible	Morse	code	saying	something	meaningless.	Jackie	could
almost	 hear	 the	 staccato	 pings	 of	 grains,	 the	 sound	 traveling	 through	 her	 skin	 into	 her
body,	bypassing	her	ears.	She	closed	her	eyes,	partially	to	force	rest	on	herself,	partially	to
block	out	the	deep	amber	of	King	City’s	early	evening.
Neither	told	the	other	what	she	felt.
Diane	 noticed	 a	 store	 with	 a	 charcoal	 canvas	 eave	 with	 bold	 silver	 sans-serif	 font
reading	 VHS	AND	VHS	AND	VHS	…	She	parked	the	car	in	front	of	the	store.	Neither	of	them
knew	 exactly	 where	 to	 begin,	 but	 if	 Josh	 were	 here	 out	 of	 his	 own	 free	 will,	 he	 would
certainly	find	his	way	to	a	store	like	this.	He	had	the	teenage	attraction	to	petty	bravery,
like	doing	skateboard	tricks	and	watching	unmarked	VHS	tapes.
Jackie	stuck	a	quarter	in	the	parking	meter,	which	was	bent	in	the	middle,	like	it	was
bowing.	There	was	a	hollow	clink	followed	by	a	hiss.	The	meter	hissed	continuously.	She
circled	 it,	 trying	 to	 find	 the	 source	 of	 the	 noise,	 and	 realized	 it	 wasn’t	 coming	 from	 the
meter	but	from	a	few	feet	to	her	right.
The	 hiss	 was	 coming	 from	 the	 very	 large	 crow,	 or	 the	 very	 strange	 dog.	 It	 had	 four
legs,	but	stood	on	only	one.	It	had	sharp	teeth	and	a	sharp	face.
The	 dog’s	 mouth	 (Jackie	 was	 going	 with	 very	 strange	 dog)	 was	 open,	 and	 it	 was
hissing.	It	didn’t	seem	to	need	to	stop	for	breath.	She	took	a	step	backward,	and	its	three
unused	legs	unfurled	from	its	thick	barrel	body.	The	legs	dragged	its	body	toward	her,	and
then	curled	back	into	itself	like	landing	gear.	The	hiss	continued.
Jackie	yelped	and	limped	around	the	back	of	the	Mercedes,	grabbing	Diane	with	her
good	hand.	They	crossed	to	the	VHS	store,	Jackie	turning	to	see	the	dog	following	them,
disappearing	 and	 appearing	 like	 a	 figure	 in	 a	 badly	 constructed	 flip-book,	 a	 little	 closer
each	time	she	looked	at	it,	still	hissing,	still	staring.
Diane	was	alarmed	by	Jackie’s	alarm	as	she	was	firmly	pushed	into	the	shop.	The	store
was	 dark.	 It	 was	 unlocked	 and	 the	 lights	 were	 on,	 but	 the	 lights	 were	 dim	 and
inconsistently	placed,	leaving	pockets	of	deep	shadow	throughout.
There	was	no	clerk’s	counter	at	the	front	of	the	store.	Only	tall	shelves	full	of	loose
tapes,	some	labeled	and	some	not.	Some	shelves	were	densely	packed	to	the	point	where

tapes	 lay	 horizontally	 across	 the	 tops	 of	 the	 vertically	 pressed	 rows.	 Others	 were	 nearly
empty	save	a	couple	of	loose	tapes	scattered	on	their	sides.
They	walked	down	the	best-lit	aisle	toward	the	back	of	the	store.	After	several	feet,	the
light	grew	dimmer,	and	their	aisle	grew	dark.	There	were	no	side	aisles	to	turn	down,	so
they	kept	walking.	Jackie,	a	teenager	herself,	couldn’t	help	but	run	her	hand	over	the	tapes
on	the	shelves.	Most	had	stickers	with	handwritten	titles.	She	did	not	stop	to	browse	the
selection,	 but	 she	 was	 certain	 that	 some	 simply	 had	 rows	 of	 Xs	 instead	 of	 titles	 or
descriptions.
The	 dog,	 or	 whatever	 it	 was,	 was	 not	 visible	 through	 the	 shop	 window,	 but	 Jackie
could	still	hear	the	hissing	coming	from	somewhere.	She	hurried	them	down	the	aisle.	It
was	 too	 dark	 at	 this	 point	 to	 see	 the	 dead	 end	 until	 they	 were	 right	 up	 on	 it.	 Diane
extended	her	hand	just	before	running	into	the	shelf.	She	expected	her	hand	to	hit	a	wall	of
tapes	but	instead	felt	something	damp	and	soft	and	cold.	It	gave	way	slightly	to	her	touch.
Her	jaw	tightened	and	she	pulled	her	hand	away.	It	was	wet,	and	in	the	low	light	she	could
see	her	fingers	were	covered	in	what	looked	like	soil.
As	they	headed	back	to	where	they	had	entered,	there	was	the	hissing	again	in	front	of
them,	 source	 unseen	 in	 the	 distant	 light	 or,	 worse,	 unseen	 in	 the	 nearby	 dark.	 Diane
walked	 behind	 Jackie,	 Jackie’s	 hand	 on	 her	 own	 shoulder,	 fingers	 intertwined	 with
Diane’s.	As	they	walked	faster,	the	hissing	grew	louder.	Ahead	was	a	deep	shadow	in	the
aisle.	Neither	could	see	anything	beyond	it.
Jackie’s	 left	 arm	 pulsed.	 Her	 body	 hurt	 badly.	 Her	 legs	 wobbled,	 and	 her	 eyes	 felt
tender	and	loose	in	her	skull.
“Diane,”	Jackie	whispered.	The	hissing	was	only	a	few	feet	in	front	of	them.	She	heard
the	soft	click	of	claws	on	the	floor.	“Diane.	Grab	those	tapes.”
“What?”	Diane	was	alarmed	by	Jackie’s	alarm.	Jackie	was	grabbing	tapes	off	the	shelf
near	her	waist,	and	so	Diane	did	the	same.
The	 sides	 of	 the	 tapes	 were	 all	 marked	 with	 strings	 of	 Xs	 or	 Js	 or	 Ps	 or	 Us.	 As	 she
pitched	them	to	the	floor,	she	felt	the	same	cold	dampness	as	before.	The	tapes	came	apart
in	their	hands,	falling	away	into	soft	clumps	of	wet	soil.	A	long	beetle	crawled	out	of	one
and	tentatively	made	its	way	across	the	pile	they	were	forming.
There	 was	 another	 soft	 click	 on	 the	 wood	 floor	 as	 they	 tore	 away	 enough	 tapes	 to
reveal	an	open	passage	to	another	aisle.	Bright	light	poured	through.	The	hissing	stopped.
In	the	dark	quiet	of	the	store,	Diane	felt	the	wet	tapes	pool	around	her	ankles.	Jackie
felt	her	atoms	letting	go	of	one	another.	They	both	watched	the	shadow	where	the	hiss	had
been.
“Jackie.”	Diane’s	eyes	filled	but	did	not	flood.	She	placed	her	hand	on	Jackie’s	back.
They	 stood,	 hand	 to	 back,	 teeth	 together,	 feet	 apart,	 faces	 parallel	 to	 an	 unknown
unseen.	 They	 waited	 for	 an	 attack.	 A	 tear	 came	 loose	 and	 trailed	 down	 Diane’s	 cheek.
They	waited.

A	scream	came	from	the	shadow	ahead	of	them,	a	scream	like	that	of	a	terrified	child.
Jackie	 crouched	 and	 dove	 through	 the	 hole	 in	 the	 shelves.	 Diane	 stayed,	 staring,
streaks	down	her	face	as	her	mouth	loosed	itself	open,	silent,	lip-synching	the	scream	she
was	 hearing.	 Her	 ears	 hurt.	 The	 scream	 burrowed	 into	 her	 head,	 splitting	 her	 brain,
crawling	down	her	throat,	and	coming	to	rest	deep	in	her	guts.
She	 felt	 a	 soft	 touch.	 Something	 was	 tapping	 lightly	 at	 her	 hand.	 It	 was	 wrapping
around	her	little	finger.	She	could	not	look.	She	wanted	to	follow	Jackie,	but	she	could	not
move.	She	was	trying	to	scream,	but	could	not	find	space	for	it	in	the	continuing,	sobbing
scream	from	the	shadow	around	her.	The	thing	grabbed	her	hand	tightly	and	pulled.
“Diane!	Diane,	please!”
Jackie,	reaching	through	the	hole	in	the	shelf,	was	pulling	on	her	hand.	The	moment
broken,	 Diane	 crouched	 and	 crawled	 through	 the	 hole.	 The	 other	 side	 was	 bright,
fluorescent	lights	and	well-organized,	clean	shelves.	She	grabbed	a	stack	of	the	tapes	and
used	 them	 to	 fill	 the	 hole	 they	 had	 come	 through.	 Jackie	 helped,	 and	 soon	 the	 hole	 was
completely	gone.	The	scream	was	muffled,	but	it	continued.
They	 sat	 up,	 leaning	 against	 the	 opposite	 shelf.	 The	 scream	 stopped.	 There	 was	 no
scream.	No	hiss.	Jackie	thought	she	still	heard	the	quiet	click	of	claws	on	the	wood	floor,
but	she	couldn’t	say	for	sure.
They	exhaled,	and	then	again,	over	and	over	until	they	were	exhaling	together,	Jackie’s
arm	around	Diane’s	shoulder.
“I’m	 sorry,”	 Diane	 said	 after	 however	 long,	 seconds	 or	 minutes,	 they	 had	 sat	 there
breathing.	“I’m	sorry	I	froze.	I’m	sorry	I	brought	you	here	when	this	is	my	problem.”
“No,	man.	I’m	sorry	I’m	broken.	I’m	sorry	I’m	weighing	you	down.”
“Jackie,	I	know	what	that	was.”
“Seriously?”
“When	I	was	a	child,	I	would,	like	all	children,	cry	because	childhood	is	traumatic	and
confusing.	And	when	crying	wasn’t	enough?	When	I	felt	that	despair	children	feel	because
they	don’t	understand	and	won’t	be	able	to	for	years?	Well,	then	I	would	scream.	I	would
scream	 as	 loud	 and	 long	 as	 I	 could.	 That	 scream	 from	 the	 shadows	 was	 my	 voice.	 That
was	me	screaming.”
“Diane,	 shh.”	 Jackie’s	 head	 rolled	 onto	 Diane’s	 shoulder.	 “Shh.	 Let’s	 just	 rest	 for	 a
while.”
Jackie	 didn’t	 sleep,	 but	 she	 closed	 her	 eyes	 and	 wheezed	 through	 the	 pain.	 Diane
looked	at	the	way	Jackie’s	legs	curled	outward	from	the	knee	across	the	dusty	floor,	the
way	her	right	arm	lolled	loosely	over	her	torso.
Diane	felt	herself	standing	in	her	kitchen	at	home,	heating	soup	on	the	stove,	listening
to	the	radio.	She	could	smell	the	vegetable	broth.	She	could	hear	Cecil’s	voice.	She	could
feel	the	steam	on	her	face.	She	could	see	herself.	This	was	not	a	memory	but	a	moment

happening	now.	Lying	with	Jackie	on	the	floor	of	a	King	City	video	store,	she	felt	herself
splitting,	becoming	multiple,	and,	in	doing	so,	becoming	less	with	each	iteration.
She	stood	up.	Jackie	had	rested	enough.	Diane	helped	her,	groaning,	to	her	feet.
“Hello,”	Diane	tried	calling	to	someone,	anyone,	in	the	store	who	could	help.
“Hello,”	came	a	voice	past	the	shelves.
“Hi,	how	do	I	find	you?”
“What	are	you	looking	for?”
“You.”
“What	do	you	need	me	for?”
“We’re	looking	for	someone.	We’re	new	to	town	and	we	just	wanted	to	see	if	you	can
help	us.	We	just	have	a	couple	of	questions.”
“So	ask	them.”
Diane	decided	not	to	walk	any	farther,	not	wanting	to	get	lost	in	the	aisles	again.
“Do	you	have	a	Secret	Police?	We’re	looking	for	a	missing	child.”
“I’m	sorry	to	hear	that.	The	Secret	Police	sounds	secret.	I	wouldn’t	know	about	that.
We	have	nonsecret	police.”
“We’re	 looking	 for	 a	 police	 station.	 Also	 the	 City	 Hall.	 Maybe	 the	 mayor’s	 office.	 I
mean,	 if	 you	 just	 had	 some	 phone	 numbers	 that	 would	 be	 helpful.”	 Diane	 was	 half
shouting.	She	had	no	sense	how	far	away	the	voice	was,	or	from	which	direction	it	was
coming.
“Well,	 City	 Hall	 is	 where	 the	 mayor’s	 office	 is.	 It’s	 four	 and	 a	 half	 blocks	 down
Pleasant	Street	here.	That’s	the	street	you’re	on	now.	Of	course,	we	haven’t	had	a	mayor	in
years.	Gonna	be	an	election	soon,	I	hear.	Don’t	know	why,	but	we	haven’t	had	a	mayor,
for,	oh,	I	don’t	know	how	long.”
“Where	are	you?”
“If	you	got	a	missing	child,	I’d	try	the	police	first.	I	think	there’s	gotta	be	one	nearby.	I
mean,	I	don’t	know	for	sure.	I’ve	never	been	arrested,	you	know?”	The	voice	laughed	the
insipid	laugh	of	casual	conversation.
“Okay.	We’ll	try	that.	My	son’s	name	is	Josh.	He’s	the	one	who’s	gone	missing.	We’re
not	from	here.	We’re	from	a	town	called	Night	Vale,	but	I	think	Josh	may	have	come	to
King	City.	And	if	he’s	here,	he	certainly	loves	VHS	stores.	Also	comic	book	stores.	Have
you	 seen	 any	 fifteen-year-old	 boys	 here?	 He	 probably	 would	 have	 been	 shopping	 by
himself?”
No	reply.
“Or	maybe	a	comic	store	nearby.	He	definitely	would	have	gone	there.”
The	shop	was	silent.

“Hello?”
She	looked	at	Jackie.
“It	was	real,	don’t	worry,”	Jackie	said.	“I	heard	it	too.”
Some	 of	 the	 shelves	 just	 had	 empty	 cardboard	 VHS	 sleeves,	 no	 sign	 of	 their
corresponding	tapes.	There	were	puddles	on	the	floor	and	cobwebs	along	the	top	shelves.
The	 more	 Jackie	 looked	 around,	 the	 more	 she	 thought	 they	 should	 leave,	 as	 soon	 as
possible.	Diane	did	not	believe	Jackie	to	be	frightened,	just	impatient	to	go.	They	hobbled
together	to	the	front	door	with	no	hissing,	no	screams.
As	 they	 stepped	 outside	 into	 the	 sandy	 dusk,	 the	 bell	 on	 the	 door	 jingled	 faintly	 in
Jackie’s	mind	like	a	favorite	song	to	which	she	could	no	longer	quite	remember	the	tune.
There	 was	 no	 police	 station	 in	 sight.	 Diane	 and	 Jackie	 leaned	 into	 each	 other.	 They
walked	as	one,	their	arms	intertwined	so	it	wasn’t	clear	who	was	holding	up	whom.	They
entered	one	of	the	few	other	stores	that	appeared	open:	 FISH	AND	BAIT.	The	shelves	were
full	of	empty	jars.	A	man	stood	behind	the	counter.	He	was	towering,	the	tallest	man	either
of	them	had	ever	seen.
“Hello,”	managed	Diane.	Her	head	seemed	to	be	several	feet	behind	her,	and	her	hands
floated	in	front	of	her	like	balloons.	“We’re	looking	for	a	boy,	a	teenager.	He	looks	like	…
well,	a	lot	of	things.	He’s—”
The	man	nodded	absently,	saying	nothing.	Jackie’s	entire	body	felt	liquid	and	heavy,
sloughing	 off	 her	 fragile	 skeleton.	 She	 had	 never	 been	 in	 more	 pain.	 Each	 step	 was	 a
decision	that	she	had	to	make,	every	time.
“Feel	free	to	look	around,”	the	tall	man	said.	He	gestured	with	an	open	palm.	Behind
him	one	of	the	empty	jars	exploded	with	a	pop.	A	few	shards	of	it	went	into	the	back	of	his
hand.	It	began	immediately	to	drip	blood.	His	face	did	not	change	at	all.
“We’re	looking	for	a	boy.	My	son.”	Diane	couldn’t	stop	looking	at	his	fresh	wounds.
The	 man	 frowned.	 He	 looked	 closely	 at	 them,	 as	 though	 they	 were	 not	 who	 he	 had
thought	they	would	be.
“Who	did	you	say	you	were?”	he	said.	Another	jar	exploded.	This	time	some	of	the
glass	 went	 into	 his	 face.	 Blood	 went	 down	 his	 cheek	 like	 tears,	 dripping	 with	 loud	 taps
onto	the	counter.	He	frowned	at	the	sound.
“We’re	 just	 looking,”	 said	 Jackie,	 pulling	 with	 all	 of	 her	 strength,	 which	 was	 not	 so
much	at	all,	on	Diane,	who	was	frozen	staring	into	the	man’s	eyes.	The	man	was	staring	at
Jackie.	“Nice	shop	you	have	here.	Have	to	go.”
The	 two	 women	 hobbled	 out.	 Two	 more	 jars	 exploded.	 The	 man	 had	 quite	 a	 lot	 of
blood	 coming	 from	 all	 different	 parts	 of	 him.	 He	 looked	 down	 at	 their	 leaving	 from	 the
height	of	his	body.
“We	try	to	remember	but	we	always	forget,”	he	said.
Diane	turned,	hand	on	the	glass	door.

“What	was	that?”
“Have	a	nice	day	and	thanks	for	shopping	with	us,”	he	said.
His	 words	 were	 coming	 out	 slurred.	 There	 was	 a	 long	 shard	 of	 glass	 through	 his
tongue.
The	two	of	them	pushed	their	way	back	outside,	nearly	falling	over	one	another.
“This	is	all	wrong,”	said	Diane.	“This	is	not	a	safe	place	for	Josh	to	be.”
“It’s	not	like	we	haven’t	been	in	stores	where	clerks	bleed	a	lot,”	said	Jackie,	“but—”
She	trailed	off,	her	gaze	focused	on	no	fixed	point.
Most	 any	 bath	 gel	 or	 greeting	 card	 store	 in	 Night	 Vale	 has	 a	 full	 staff	 of	 bleeding
salesclerks,	struggling	to	maintain	consciousness	and	constantly	mopping	the	floors.	But
somehow	in	King	City,	it	felt	incorrect,	like	the	people	were	not	supposed	to	be	bleeding
constantly.	 Like	 they	 had	 once	 been	 normal,	 whatever	 that	 meant	 outside	 of	 the	 only
context	she	had	ever	known.
In	her	mind,	Diane	saw	a	different	man	than	the	one	covered	in	glass	shards,	or	it	was
the	 same	 man,	 but	 he	 was	 running	 a	 store	 in	 which	 he	 did	 not	 bleed,	 in	 which	 nothing
exploded,	 in	 which	 he	 sold	 supplies	 for	 fishing	 and	 at	 night	 went	 home	 to	 his	 family,
watched	old	television	shows,	one	episode	right	after	the	other,	and	then	slept,	one	episode
right	after	the	other.	She	saw	that	man	and	this	man	at	the	same	time.	He	was	multiple,	and
becoming	less	with	each	iteration.
“We	can’t	hear	the	freeway,”	said	Jackie.
“What?”
Jackie	pointed	at	the	101,	so	close	they	could	see	the	writing	on	the	big	trucks	carrying
things	from	the	north	of	California	to	the	south.
“There’s	no	sound.”
She	was	right.	It	was	completely	silent.	Even	their	footsteps	seemed	to	be	absorbed	by
the	sidewalk.	The	loud	hum	from	the	sky	was	gone.	They	walked	in	silence	past	planters
teeming	with	drought-resistant	succulents	blooming	big	purple	flowers.
Diane	 felt	 herself	 carrying	 clothes	 from	 her	 dryer,	 organizing	 the	 warm	 cotton	 piles
into	manageable	squares	on	her	bed.	She	felt	a	King	City	street	full	of	cars	and	shoppers,
ordinary	stores	run	ordinarily.	She	felt	these	things,	and	at	the	same	time	she	felt	Jackie
against	her,	felt	the	empty	horror	of	the	silent	city.
The	next	store	had	a	sign	saying	 GUITARS.	An	elderly	woman	sat	in	a	folding	chair	at
the	back.	The	store	was	otherwise	empty.	No	furniture,	no	merchandise,	just	walls	that	had
been	 sloppily	 painted	 into	 streaks	 of	 different	 off-whites,	 and	 a	 hideous	 green	 carpet
traversed	by	a	pink,	jagged	line	and	speckled	with	yellow	diamonds.	The	carpet	was	torn
and	fixed	with	silver	duct	tape	here	and	there,	the	tape	bright	under	bare	fluorescents.
The	woman	looked	up	from	what	she	was	doing,	which	was	staring	at	her	hands.	She
now	stared	at	Diane	and	Jackie.

“We’re	looking	for	a	boy	about	fifteen.”
The	woman	squinted.
“We’re	looking	for	a	boy	who	might	have	come	here.	He	was—”
The	woman	opened	her	mouth	and	stuck	out	her	tongue.	Her	tongue	and	gums	were
gray.	Her	eyes	were	squeezed	shut,	and	her	mouth	was	as	wide	as	she	could	make	it.	She
started	making	a	wet,	huffing	noise,	like	a	drowned	engine	trying	to	start.
“Okay,”	said	Jackie.	“We’re	going	to	leave	now.	Thank	you.”
Jackie	 turned	 Diane	 around	 and	 leaned	 on	 her	 to	 get	 her	 to	 leave	 the	 store.	 Diane’s
eyes	 never	 left	 the	 clerk.	 She	 saw	 a	 wall	 full	 of	 acoustic	 guitars,	 a	 middle-aged	 woman
behind	 a	 counter	 selling	 a	 set	 of	 strings	 to	 a	 customer.	 She	 saw	 blank	 walls	 and,	 as	 the
door	swung	shut,	an	old	woman,	eyes	squeezed	shut,	huffing	and	wheezing	with	that	wide
gray	mouth.	She	saw	both,	equally	real	before	her.
“What	now?”	said	Jackie,	wincing	into	the	words	as	she	leaned	against	the	hot	stucco
of	the	guitar	shop	wall.	Her	ability	to	hide	her	pain	was	faltering.
“One	 more	 store.	 Then	 City	 Hall,”	 said	 Diane.	 Her	 ability	 to	 hide	 her	 despair	 was
faltering.
“I’m	worried	we	won’t	make	it	out	of	the	next	store	if	we	go	in	it.”
“That’s	a	worry,	yes.	Yes	it	is.”
The	next	store	said	CELLULAR	in	red	letters.	Inside	were	display	cases	full	of	the	newest
models	 of	 cell	 phones.	 There	 were	 signs	 explaining	 about	 contracts	 and	 data	 plans.	 A
young	woman	in	a	baseball	cap	and	gray	polo	smiled	at	them	as	they	walked	in.
“Hello!”	she	said.
“This	isn’t	what	I	expected,”	said	Diane.
“Oh,	did	you	read	our	sign?”	said	the	woman.	“We’re	a	cell	phone	store.”
“We	read	it,”	said	Jackie.
“We	also	do	repair.	Do	you	need	a	phone	repaired?”
“No,”	said	Diane.	“I’m	sorry.	We’ve	come	a	long	way	in	a	very	short	amount	of	time.”
“Dude,	what’s	up	with	your	town?”
“King	 City?”	 said	 the	 woman.	 Concern	 passed	 briefly	 through	 her	 expression,	 and
then	it	was	bright	again.	“It’s	a	great	place.”
“Great	…	how?”
“Not	sure,”	said	the	woman.	“Not	a	lot	sticks	in	my	memory.	First	thing	I	remember	is
you	guys	coming	in.	Do	you	want	a	cell	phone?”
“No,”	said	Jackie.
“We’re	looking	for	my	son.	He’s	about	fifteen	years	old,”	Diane	said.

One	of	the	phones	in	the	case	started	ringing.	Concern	returned	to	the	woman’s	face,
and	stayed.
“Those	 don’t	 even	 have	 circuits	 in	 them,”	 she	 said.	 There	 were	 sweat	 rings	 on	 her
shirt.	“They’re	cardboard	boxes	with	stickers	to	simulate	the	display.	All	the	real	phones
are	in	the	back.”
“Do	you	mind	if	we	try	answering	it?”	said	Diane.
“Just	 don’t	 tell	 me	 what	 you	 hear,	 okay?”	 She	 no	 longer	 looked	 at	 all	 happy	 to	 see
them.	She	pulled	a	key	from	a	green	rubber	belt	loop	and	used	it	to	unlock	the	case.
The	 phone	 that	 was	 ringing	 was	 an	 older	 touch-screen	 model.	 Diane	 picked	 it	 up.
Definitely	empty	cardboard,	and	the	display	was	a	faded	sticker.	She	pushed	on	the	sticker
where	she	would	push	to	answer	a	cell	phone,	and	then	held	the	cardboard	phone	to	her
ear.
“Hello?”
“Stop	 being	 so	 obvious	 about	 yourselves,”	 said	 a	 man’s	 voice,	 one	 that	 she	 was
familiar	with	although	she	could	not	place	it.
“Obvious	about	ourselves?”
“Everyone	knows	you’re	here.	It’s	not	safe.”	Diane	pulled	the	cardboard	phone	away
from	 her	 ear.	 Printed	 on	 the	 fake	 phone’s	 fake	 cardboard	 screen	 was	 a	 familiar-looking
name.
“Evan?”
“No,	it’s	Evan.”
“That’s	what	I	said.	Evan.”
“Meet	me	at	City	Hall.	Head	straight	back.	Ignore	what	anyone	tells	you	and	ignore
any	 signs.	 Just	 go	 down	 the	 hall	 from	 the	 front	 door	 and	 turn	 left	 when	 you	 see	 a	 door
marked	MAYOR.	I’ll	be	waiting	for	you	there.”
There	was	a	click.	She	guessed	he	had	hung	up,	but	she	didn’t	know	how	he	had	called
a	cardboard	phone	in	the	first	place.
“Evan,”	 she	 said	 to	 Jackie.	 “He	 asked	 us	 to	 meet	 him	 in	 the	 mayor’s	 office	 at	 City
Hall.”
“Please.	I	don’t	want	to	know	what	any	of	that	was	about,”	said	the	woman.	Her	face
was	a	grimace	and	her	shivering	arms	were	crossed	over	her	chest.	“Please	just	leave.”
“What	is	this	town,	really?”	Jackie	said	tenderly,	hoping	to	coax	a	memory	out	of	her.
The	woman	relaxed	and	exhaled.	Jackie	felt	a	breakthrough,	a	confession	or	revelation
coming,	but	there	was	only	another,	weaker	“Please	leave.”	The	woman’s	face	tightened
back	into	sweat-drenched	angst.
“I’m	sorry,”	said	Diane.	“Can	you	just	tell	me	which	direction	down	Pleasant	Street	to
get	to	City	Hall?”

The	woman	grunted	and	ran	through	a	door	marked	 EMPLOYEES	 ONLY,	slamming	and
locking	 it	 behind	 her.	 Her	 voice	 came	 muffled	 through	 the	 closed	 door:	 “We	 don’t	 even
have	a	mayor.	We	haven’t	had	one	in	years.”
“So.	City	Hall?”	Jackie	said,	once	they	were	outside.
“That’s	 where	 he	 is,	 I	 guess,”	 said	 Diane.	 She	 shielded	 her	 eyes	 and	 looked	 down
Pleasant	Street.	“Let’s	just	start	walking	this	way	and	see	if	we	can	find	it.”
“It	shouldn’t	be	hard	to	find.	City	halls	are	always	huge	and	ornate	and	topped	with
ancient	volcanic	stone	towers.	Or,	I	mean,	the	only	city	hall	we’ve	ever	seen	is	like	that.”
There	 was	 nothing	 that	 looked	 remotely	 like	 that.	 There	 was	 a	 Safeway	 that	 was
boarded	up.	 CLOSED	FOR	RENOVATIONS,	said	a	sign	hung	crookedly	on	the	boards,	and	then
someone	had	crossed	out	RENOVATIONS	with	a	paint	pen	and	written	in	GOOD.
There	was	only	one	building	left.	It	was	low	and	small,	with	curtained	windows,	like	a
storefront	church	or	a	campaign	office.
“I	don’t	suppose	that	could	be	City	Hall,”	said	Diane.	She	started	to	move	to	it.
Jackie	was	looking	the	other	way.
“Troy,”	she	said.
“What?”
Troy	was	casually	trotting	across	the	road,	and	then	he	was	gone	down	a	side	street.
“You	go	meet	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.	I’m	going	to	find	out	what	Troy’s	doing	here.”
Jackie	took	off	after	him,	running	as	hard	as	her	pain-racked	body	would	let	her,	which
wasn’t	fast,	but	it	was	going,	all	right,	and	in	the	right	direction,	dammit.	Shock	waves	of
agony	exploded	up	her	legs	as	she	ran.
“Wait,	Jackie,”	Diane	called.	“We	shouldn’t	get	separated.	This	place	is	wrong.	I	don’t
know	if	we’ll	be	able	to	find	each	other	again.	Jackie!”
But	Jackie	was	gone.	Diane	started	after	her	but	stopped,	thinking	of	Josh.	Josh	was
what	mattered.	Jackie	could	take	care	of	herself.	She	needed	to	find	Josh.	She	sighed	and
walked	across	the	street	to	the	building.	It	was	brick,	with	a	mirrored	front	window,	and	a
small	plastic	card	that	said	CITY	HALL	on	the	door.
“Okay,”	Diane	said,	as	loudly	as	she	could.	“Here	we	go.”
She	pushed	open	the	door.	Somewhere	else,	at	that	same	moment,	she	was	petting	a
kitten	in	a	shelter	pen.	The	kitten	purred	and	rolled	on	its	back.	“I	have	to	take	this	one,”
she	 said.	 Somewhere	 else	 she	 was	 repainting	 an	 old	 dresser.	 Somewhere	 else,	 she	 was
standing	 in	 a	 fish	 market,	 overpowered	 by	 the	 smell.	 Somewhere	 else,	 at	 that	 same
moment,	she	was	dead.	She	did	not	feel	anything	at	all	from	that	version	of	herself.	It	was
just	 a	 gap	 in	 her	 consciousness,	 a	 nothing	 superimposed	 on	 her	 multiplying	 selves.	 The
door	of	City	Hall	shut	behind	her.

43

Inside	City	Hall	there	were	stacks	of	files	and	papers	around	a	groaning	titan	of	a	copier,
the	machine	constantly	churning	out	paper,	collating	it,	and	then	pushing	it	aside	onto	the
floor	as	more	came.	A	woman	in	a	dress	with	a	dizzying	pattern	of	blue	roses	repeating
against	 a	 white	 background	 sat	 at	 a	 desk	 next	 to	 the	 copier.	 As	 Diane	 pushed	 open	 the
door,	the	gust	from	outside	caused	the	sign-in	sheet	in	front	of	the	woman	to	flutter	into
her	face.	She	did	not	seem	to	notice.
Behind	the	woman’s	desk	was	an	enormous	oil	painting	of	a	man	in	a	tan	jacket.	His
face	was	clear.	It	was	more	or	less	symmetrical.	He	was	not	quite	smiling,	but	not	quite
frowning	 either.	 Was	 that	 not	 quite	 a	 smile?	 She	 could	 remember	 everything	 about	 the
painting	when	she	looked	away	from	it.	She	looked	back	and	then	looked	away	again.	Her
memory	retained	all	of	it.
“Can	I	help	you?”	said	the	woman,	without	looking	up.	She	was	typing	away	at	her
computer,	which	did	not	appear	to	be	on.	She	was	crying,	silently	and	profusely.
“I	don’t	think	so,”	said	Diane,	feeling	herself	here	and	elsewhere.	Without	Jackie	the
feeling	of	becoming	more	people	and	less	of	a	person	was	worse.	Without	Jackie	she	had
no	one	to	lean	against,	to	touch,	to	reinforce	with	physical	contact	that	she,	the	Diane	in
King	City,	the	Diane	looking	for	Josh,	was	the	only	Diane	that	mattered.
Another	version	of	herself	was	eating	shredded	wheat	at	the	counter	of	an	unfamiliar
kitchen,	 trying	 to	 decide	 what	 to	 do	 about	 some	 information	 she	 had	 just	 received	 by
phone.	Another	version	of	herself	was	driving	and	had	to	swerve.	She	had	only	seconds	to
swerve.	 Her	 heart	 pounded	 and	 she	 wondered	 if	 she	 would	 swerve	 in	 time,	 and	 if	 she
would	 be	 able	 to	 regain	 control	 after	 she	 had.	 The	 version	 of	 herself	 that	 was	 dead	 was
still	 dead	 and	 had	 been	 for	 a	 long	 time,	 a	 blank	 spot	 sitting	 in	 the	 way	 of	 her	 other
thoughts.
“All	 right,”	 said	 the	 City	 Hall	 receptionist.	 Tears	 poured	 down	 her	 face.	 Her	 body
shook.
“Are	you	okay?”	Diane	asked.
The	woman	looked	up.	Her	eyes	were	red	and	hollowed	out	by	the	sheer	quantity	of
salt	water	passing	through	them.
“No.	I	don’t	think	I	am.”
She	looked	back	down	and	continued	to	type	on	her	switched-off	computer.
“What’s	wrong?”	Diane	wanted	to	help,	but	the	woman	did	not	respond.

A	 man	 who	 looked	 identical	 to	 the	 large	 oil	 painting	 above	 her	 stuck	 his	 head	 from
around	the	corner	down	the	hall.
“What	 did	 I	 say	 about	 trying	 to	 interact	 with	 anyone	 else?”	 He	 sounded	 tired	 and
annoyed.	“Get	down	here.”
His	 head	 disappeared,	 and	 Diane	 couldn’t	 remember	 what	 he	 had	 looked	 like.	 She
could	remember	the	painting,	though,	and	grafted	the	painting’s	features	on	that	blank	in
her	mind.
“I	have	to	go,”	Diane	said	to	the	woman	at	the	desk.
The	woman	didn’t	seem	to	hear	or	see	Diane	anymore.	She	typed	away	on	her	useless
keyboard.
Diane	 went	 down	 the	 hall.	 The	 building	 was	 bigger	 on	 the	 inside.	 There	 were	 many
doors,	some	marked	with	abstruse	letter	and	number	combinations.	Most	were	unmarked.
She	could	hear	no	one	else	in	the	building	besides	the	weeping	woman	and	the	man	down
the	 hall.	 Nothing	 except	 the	 roar	 of	 the	 copier,	 an	 avalanche	 of	 paper	 tumbling	 from	 its
maw.	 Had	 it	 been	 the	 copier	 they	 had	 been	 hearing	 since	 coming	 to	 King	 City?	 That
distant,	ceaseless	roar?	She	dismissed	the	thought.
The	 hallway	 continued	 in	 seemingly	 unending	 bends.	 Left	 turn	 after	 left	 turn.
Strangely	labeled	door	after	unlabeled	door.	Then	a	door	marked	MAYOR.
“Come	in,	come	in,”	he	said	from	his	desk.	His	office	was	piled	high	with	more	paper.
There	 were	 several	 corkboards	 with	 papers	 thumbtacked	 to	 them,	 and	 a	 whiteboard
covered	in	frantic,	illegible	writing.	Some	of	the	writing	was	circled	with	arrows	pointing
to	 other	 parts	 of	 the	 writing.	 A	 window	 was	 open	 onto	 a	 back	 alley,	 and	 there	 was	 a
garbage	 can	 just	 outside.	 The	 room	 smelled	 rich	 and	 earthy,	 like	 decay	 just	 turning	 to
loam.
His	deerskin	suitcase	was	open	on	the	desk	beside	him,	between	the	piles	of	papers.
Hundreds	of	large	black	flies	were	inside	it,	crawling	over	each	other	in	heaving,	buzzing
piles.	Flies	were	leaving	the	suitcase	and	flying	out	the	window	to	the	garbage	can,	and
other	 flies	 were	 returning	 through	 the	 window.	 Diane	 felt	 dizzy,	 frightened	 that	 her	 fear
would	overtake	her	body,	even	more	frightened	that	the	flies	would.	Somewhere	another
version	of	herself	was	sitting	at	her	bedroom	window	in	the	morning,	looking	out	at	a	tree
she	liked,	and	this	kept	her	together.
“Sit	down,”	said	the	man,	continuing	to	tell	her	what	she	should	do	next	like	it	was	the
most	natural	thing	to	him.
“No,	I’ll	stand	I	think,”	she	said.	The	man	rolled	his	eyes.	The	flies	buzzed	louder.
“Suit	yourself.”	He	swept	a	pile	of	papers	off	his	desk	and	replaced	it	with	another	pile
of	papers	from	the	floor.
“Where’s	Josh?”
“We	have	much	to	talk	about.”

“No	we	don’t.	Where’s	Josh?	I’m	taking	Josh	and	I’m	going	home.”
“I’m	sorry,	Diane,	but	you’re	not	going	to	do	that.”
He	folded	his	hands	in	front	of	him.	A	fly	landed	on	his	shoulder	and	also	folded	its
appendages	in	front	of	it.
“Anyway,	 I	 don’t	 know	 where	 Josh	 is	 precisely,”	 he	 said.	 “Around,	 I	 suppose.	 The
important	 thing	 is	 that	 he’s	 in	 King	 City.	 And	 he’ll	 stay	 in	 King	 City.	 For	 now,	 at	 least.
Until	everything	is	right	again	he’ll	have	to	stay	here.	I’ve	worked	for	a	long	time	to	get
him	here.”
Some	other	version	of	Diane	was	running,	although	this	Diane	wasn’t	sure	whether	it
was	for	exercise	or	to	flee.	She	didn’t	have	access	to	the	other	Diane’s	emotions,	only	her
speed.	She	had	trouble	focusing	with	so	many	versions	of	herself	in	her	head.
“Where	 is	 Josh?”	 she	 said,	 and	 moved	 at	 the	 man	 with	 her	 hand	 up.	 She	 wanted	 to
destroy	him.	She	had	never	wanted	to	destroy	anything	before.	He	sprang	out	of	his	chair,
face	red.	The	flies	formed	a	furious,	pulsing	black	cloud	between	her	and	him.
“Attacking	 me	 won’t	 help,”	 he	 shouted,	 and	 the	 flies	 echoed	 his	 words	 with	 their
buzzing.	“Now	sit	down,	Diane	Crayton.”
She	did	not	sit	down,	but	she	didn’t	move	forward	either.	This	wasn’t	because	of	what
he	said	but	because	the	large	black	cloud	of	flies	made	her	anxious.	The	other	Diane	in	her
head	 had	 stopped	 running,	 although	 she	 didn’t	 know	 whether	 this	 was	 because	 the
exercise	was	over	or	because	she	had	been	caught.
“Josh	is	completely	safe,”	he	said,	sitting	back	down.	The	cloud	of	flies	lowered	with
him,	still	staying	between	him	and	Diane.	“But	this	town	needs	him.”
“You’re	the	mayor	of	this	town,	if	you	can	call	it	a	town.	Why	can’t	you	work	out	the
problems	 on	 your	 own?	 Why	 would	 you	 need	 a	 fifteen-year-old	 boy	 from	 some	 other
place	to	do	your	work	for	you?”
“This	town	doesn’t	know	that	I’m	mayor.	Ever	since	the	problems	started,	no	one	can
remember	me.”	He	reset	himself	to	a	milder	tone,	a	gentler	posture.	“I	was	mayor	when
that	man	came	to	town,	and	ever	since	then	the	people	of	King	City	will	regularly	decide
they	 need	 to	 elect	 a	 mayor	 because	 they	 don’t	 have	 one.	 They	 will	 go	 through	 all	 the
motions	of	that:	setting	up	the	polling	places,	arranging	candidates,	talking	to	each	other
about	who	would	be	right	for	the	job	or	mostly	not	paying	attention	and	not	talking	about
it.	And	then	on	the	day	of	the	election,	someone	involved	will	look	at	the	paperwork	and
realize	they	already	have	a	mayor.	Confused	and	frustrated,	they’ll	take	everything	down,
cancel	the	whole	election,	and	go	home	unsatisfied.	Then,	a	few	months	later,	they’ll	start
again,	having	forgotten	completely	that	I	exist.”
He	 gestured	 to	 the	 cloud	 of	 flies	 in	 front	 of	 him,	 and	 they	 settled	 back	 down	 as	 a
squirming	ball	in	the	open	suitcase.
“It’s	 been	 so	 long	 since	 anyone	 could	 remember	 me	 at	 all.	 To	 be	 remembered	 is,	 I
think,	 a	 basic	 human	 right.	 Not	 one	 that	 occurs	 to	 a	 person	 when	 it	 is	 there,	 but	 like	 a

parched	throat	in	a	desert	when	it	is	gone.”
Diane	 didn’t	 care	 about	 the	 man’s	 problems.	 But	 there	 was	 one	 part	 of	 what	 he	 had
said	that	interested	her.
“Who	do	you	mean	by	‘that	man’?”

44

Jackie	followed	Troy	to	a	bar.	She	knew	what	it	was	because	it	had	a	large	sign	saying	BAR
outside.	It	was	in	a	wooden	building	that	it	shared	with	an	insurance	agency.	The	building
itself	looked	old	and	worn	but	also	like	it	might	have	been	built	recently	to	look	old	and
worn.
Troy	went	inside,	and	Jackie	followed	after.
She	couldn’t	see	him.	The	long	bar	was	full	even	though	the	working	day	wasn’t	quite
over.	 All	 men,	 of	 course.	 She	 rolled	 her	 eyes.	 All	 the	 booths	 were	 full	 too,	 all	 men,	 all
hunched	over.
There	was	the	gurgle	of	a	tap.	The	bartender,	whom	she	couldn’t	see	over	the	line	of
men	at	the	bar,	was	pouring	a	beer.	Maybe	for	a	newcomer	to	the	bar,	one	who	had	just
walked	in.	She	headed	in	that	direction.
Her	eyes	were	still	grappling	with	the	change	from	glaring	sunlight	to	dim	bar,	and	so
she	could	not	see	what	was	happening	when	shouting	started	from	the	back	of	the	bar.
“You	son	of	a	bitch.”
“Say	it	again.”
There	was	the	thump	of	a	person	falling	over.	The	men	at	the	bar	were	turning	with
interest,	and	she	noticed	something	odd	about	them,	but	it	was	lost	as	the	fight	in	the	back
became	more	violent.
“I’ll	say	it	as	many	times	as	I	want.”
A	few	punches.	A	clatter	of	people	running	into	chairs.	More	punches.	The	men	were
starting	to	get	up	and	run	to	the	back.
“If	 you	 break	 anything	 that	 belongs	 to	 the	 establishment,	 you	 will	 pay,”	 shouted	 the
bartender.	“Cash	or	jail	time,	means	the	same	to	me.”
But	he	too	started	to	run	to	the	back.
“Gentlemen,	please,”	he	said.
He	was	blond.
Blond.	That	was	what	she	had	noticed.	All	the	men	in	the	bar	were	blond.	Her	eyes
started	to	focus	in	on	dim	shapes.	She	followed	the	last	of	the	running	men	to	a	small	open
area	with	a	pool	table	and	jukebox	in	the	back.

There	were	two	men	on	the	floor,	wrestling	and	flailing.	Their	faces	were	red.	Both	of
them	were	Troy.
“Gentlemen,	take	this	outside	at	once,”	said	the	bartender.
“Ah,	let	them	fight,”	said	one	of	the	bystanders.	“What	else	do	we	all	have	to	do	out
here?”
She	recognized	both	voices.	The	bartender	was	Troy.	So	was	the	bystander.
Her	 vision	 fully	 adjusted.	 She	 was	 surrounded	 by	 an	 enormous	 circle	 of	 Troys,
watching	the	two	Troys	fight	in	the	middle.	Every	person	in	the	bar	was	Troy.
The	crowd	around	her	swayed	in	empathetic	motion	with	the	fighting	men.	She	was
jostled	in	the	wave	of	Troys.	As	she	tried	to	squeeze	herself	from	the	crowd,	the	group	of
alike	men	next	to	her	lurched	left	and	knocked	her	to	the	floor.
They	were	laughing	and	cheering	and	attempted	but	failed	to	step	gingerly	around	her
tender	legs.
She	grunted	and	cursed.	One	of	the	men	made	a	barely	attentive	hand	gesture	toward
her,	but	otherwise	they	ignored	her,	so,	with	great	pain	and	exasperation,	she	lifted	herself
to	her	feet	and	edged	her	way	behind	the	moving	mass	of	men	back	to	the	exit.
She	 sagged	 against	 the	 wooden	 facade	 of	 the	 building.	 She	 wished	 she	 had	 Diane
again.	The	pain	in	her	left	arm	was	making	it	hard	to	think	or	move.	She	worried	that	pain
meds	would	cloud	her	mind,	and	so	she	paced	herself	with	them.	Anyway,	the	pain	meds
the	 hospital	 had	 given	 her	 were	 just	 a	 bag	 of	 wood	 chips,	 and	 so	 she	 doubted	 their
effectiveness.
A	 blond	 man	 with	 a	 future	 shiner	 across	 his	 right	 eye	 staggered	 out	 of	 the	 bar.	 He
stopped	near	Jackie	and	looked	down	the	street,	cursing	under	his	breath.
“Hey,”	Jackie	said,	pushing	off	the	wall	with	her	back	in	hopes	of	not	looking	so	weak,
although	her	pain	and	the	shock	of	meeting	Troy	after	everything	she	had	learned	about
him	made	her	sag	right	back	against	it.	Without	much	practice	to	this	point	in	her	life,	she
tried,	clumsily,	to	make	casual	adult	conversation:	“You	smoke?”
“No,	sorry,”	he	said,	looking	at	her	without	recognition.
“Neither	 do	 I.	 Don’t	 know	 why	 I	 asked.	 I’m	 sorry.	 My	 name’s	 Jackie.	 What’s	 your
name?”
“Troy.”	 His	 eyes	 narrowed.	 “How	 old	 are	 you?	 Your	 parents	 know	 you’re	 out	 at	 a
bar?”
“My	dad	does.”
He	looked	out	over	the	empty	fields	and	low,	brittle-grassed	hills	to	the	always	busy
101	and	the	deepening	sky	of	late	dusk	behind	it,	rubbing	the	back	of	his	head	vacantly.
He	 looked	 concussed,	 but,	 more	 than	 that,	 he	 looked	 like	 he	 knew	 something	 he	 didn’t
want	to	know.

“All	right,	kid.	I	got	clocked	and	just	needed	some	air.	Gonna	head	back	in	and—”
“What’s	 the	 deal	 with	 everyone	 here?	 Why	 do	 you	 all	 look	 the	 same?	 Are	 you	 all
named	Troy?	Do	you	know	Diane	Crayton?”
She	had	so	much	to	ask,	like	when	you	run	into	a	favorite	actor	or	author.	How	do	you
say	everything	you’ve	wanted	to	say	to	a	person	who	has	been	a	big	part	of	your	life	and
doesn’t	know	you	at	all?
“Diane,”	Troy	said,	frowning	nervously.
“Diane	Crayton.	From	Night	Vale.	She’s	raising	your	boy	Josh.”
“Oh.	Well.”	Troy	nodded,	edging	toward	the	door.	“How	is	she?”
“Why	don’t	you	ask	her	yourself?”	She	let	him	hear	the	bitterness	in	her	voice.
“Yeah,”	he	said,	not	exactly	in	response	to	what	she	said	but	just	to	make	a	sound.
“There’s	dozens	of	you.	Why	doesn’t	one	of	you	go	talk	to	her?	Do	you	do	anything
but	sit	here	and	drink?”
“This	is	just	who	I	am	…	um.”
“Jackie.”
“Jackie.	I	am	who	you	see.	I	don’t	know	how	to	explain	it.	How	to	…”	He	grunted.
“It’s	hard,	okay.	It’s	just	a	thing	I	deal	with.”
The	door	to	the	bar	opened	and	another	Troy	came	out.	And	then	several,	if	not	all,	of
the	Troys	came	out.	They	all	stared	sideways	at	Jackie.
“Whatever,	it’s	fine,”	she	said,	not	afraid	of	any	one	of	her	fathers,	but	nervous	around
so	many.
“Of	 course	 it’s	 fine,”	 the	 Troy	 with	 the	 bruised	 eye	 said.	 “I	 don’t	 have	 to	 explain
myself	to	you.	I	don’t	know	you.	How’d	you	break	your	arm?	Why	does	your	dad	let	you
drink?	Why’re	you	bothering	me	about	Diane?”
The	 Troys	 stepped	 forward.	 One	 of	 them	 said,	 “Is	 this	 girl	 bothering	 you?”	 Another
one	 said,	 “Give	 a	 guy	 some	 room,	 lady.”	 And	 another	 one	 said,	 “Back	 off,	 guys.”	 And
another	 one—and	 Jackie	 wondered	 if	 she	 imagined	 this	 one,	 it	 was	 so	 quiet—said,
“Jackie?”
The	crowd	of	Troys	were	all	speaking	at	once	to	her,	to	each	other.	She	backed	up.
“Listen,	man,”	she	said.	“All	of	you	…	men.	I	just	…	all	right.	I	gotta	go.”
Her	father	was	so	many,	and	all	of	him	did	not	know	her.	She	limped	away	as	quickly
as	she	could.	Once	out	of	sight,	she	fell	against	the	stained	stucco	wall	of	a	store	with	a
sign	 that	 said	 PLANTS,	 slumped	 and	 aching.	 None	 of	 him	 called	 after,	 and	 none	 of	 him
followed	her.	One	by	one,	all	of	him	drifted	back	into	the	bar.

45

Jackie	pulled	on	the	front	door	of	City	Hall,	but	it	was	locked.	She	shook	it	a	couple	of
times.	She	knocked.	She	tried	bleeding	on	it.	Nothing.
“Open,”	she	shouted	at	the	door.	“Open	up.”	But	it	was	not	a	shouting	door	either.	The
buildings	in	King	City	looked	mostly	the	same,	mostly	cold	and	colorless,	but	City	Hall,
the	 breath	 of	 life	 for	 any	 living	 city,	 sat	 small	 and	 shriveled	 like	 a	 smoker’s	 lung.
“C’mon,”	she	whined,	helpless.
Nothing	in	this	town	made	sense.	Nothing	makes	sense	anywhere,	she	supposed,	but
the	difference	between	the	comforting	nonsense	of	home	and	the	alien	nonsense	of	King
City	made	her	feel	deeply	the	miles	between	there	and	here,	and	the	time	that	had	passed
since	she	had	felt	comfortable	anywhere.	She	kicked	the	door,	and	the	only	result	was	a
searing	wave	from	her	toes	up	her	leg	and	through	her	arm.
She	 walked	 around	 the	 building.	 On	 the	 far	 side	 was	 another	 door.	 Unlike	 the	 front
door,	it	had	no	signage	and	was	plain	and	heavy	and	dark.	Also	unlike	the	front	door,	it
was	open.
Instead	 of	 a	 trash	 room	 or	 storage	 closet,	 the	 back	 door	 led	 into	 a	 classy,	 if	 dated,
reception	 area.	 The	 left	 and	 right	 walls	 were	 lined	 with	 paintings	 of	 people	 in
chronological	 eras	 of	 dress.	 Under	 the	 paintings	 on	 each	 wall	 was	 a	 plaque	 that	 read,
FORMER	MAYORS.
The	 receptionist	 sat	 at	 a	 metal	 desk,	 and	 on	 the	 wall	 behind	 the	 receptionist	 was	 a
painting	of	a	man	wearing	a	tan	jacket.	On	the	desk	was	a	guest	sign-in	sheet.
“Hi,	 did	 a	 Diane	 Crayton	 come	 in	 this	 way?”	 Jackie	 said,	 leaning	 over	 the	 sign-in,
scanning	 for	 Diane’s	 name.	 Every	 line	 was	 blank.	 The	 receptionist	 grabbed	 the	 sign-in
sheet	away	from	her.
“Do	you	have	an	appointment?”	she	said,	her	voice	hoarse	and	her	eyes	swollen.
“My	 friend	 was	 here	 to	 meet	 with	 the	 mayor.	 E-Ev-Evan?”	 Jackie	 said,	 curling	 his
name	into	a	question.	“Everett.	Elliott.	Your	mayor.	She	came	to	meet	with	the	mayor.”
“We	 don’t	 have	 a	 mayor.”	 The	 receptionist	 smiled,	 as	 if	 this	 had	 been	 a	 convoluted
icebreaker	and	now	they	could	have	a	real	conversation.
“You	do,	though.”
“I’m	sorry.	We	do	not	currently	have	a	mayor.	We’re	an	unusual	town	in	that	way,	I
guess.	If	your	friend	said	she	was	coming	to	see	the	mayor	of	King	City,	she	was	either

lying	or	disappointed.”
The	receptionist’s	smile	turned	from	friendly	to	smug.
“No.	You	do.	Look.”	Jackie	pointed	to	the	painting	behind	the	receptionist.
“I	have	never	seen	that	painting	before.”
“Read	the	plaque.”
The	receptionist	read	the	plaque	aloud.	“Current	mayor.”
“That’s	who	I’m	here	to	see.”
“How	 did	 I	 not	 know	 that	 we	 have	 a	 mayor?”	 The	 receptionist	 frowned,	 looking
neither	 friendly	 nor	 smug.	 She	 stood	 and	 said,	 “Wait	 here,”	 before	 running	 out	 the
entrance	of	the	building,	leaving	a	ring	of	keys	on	the	desk	and	an	unsecured	computer,
which	 on	 closer	 inspection	 was	 unplugged,	 and	 on	 even	 closer	 inspection	 was	 a	 painted
model	carved	of	wood.
Jackie	shrugged,	grabbed	the	keys,	and	headed	down	the	hallway	next	to	the	reception
desk.	There	were	few	doors	along	the	long	hall.	What	doors	there	were	had	no	knobs	or
hinges,	which	made	them	not	doors	but	door-like	walls.	They	had	frosted-glass	windows
and	etched	room	numbers	that	followed	no	simple	logic:	43-EE	was	next	door	to	AX-6,
which	 was	 across	 the	 hall	 from	 L.	 Jackie	 tried	 pushing	 on	 them	 and	 sliding	 them	 and
knocking	on	them,	but	nothing	happened.
The	hall	was	long	and	winding.	There	were	no	tributary	hallways.	Given	the	small	size
of	the	outer	building,	and	the	incredible	length	of	the	hallway,	Jackie	was	certain	the	hall
was	spiraling	underground,	but	every	few	feet	there	was	a	window	facing	outside.	Jackie
could	peer	out	and	see	trees	and	buildings	and	taupe,	slow-moving	traffic.	The	last	light	of
dusk	mixed	with	the	anemic	low-watt	fluorescent	lighting.
She	knocked	on	each	door	hoping	to	find	someone,	hoping	to	find	Diane	or	the	mayor
or	whatever	he	was.	Sometimes	she	thought	she	heard	voices	in	soft	conversation	behind
these	non-doors,	and	as	she	would	knock	and	push	and	shake	the	wall,	the	voices	would
go	silent.
She	pressed	her	face	to	the	frosted	glass	when	she	heard	voices,	hoping	to	see	inside,
hoping	just	to	catch	movement	of	some	sort.	Even	if	it	meant	a	terrified	or	irate	employee
bursting	into	the	hallway	to	confront	her,	that	would	have	been	fine	by	Jackie.	She	would
at	least	have	someone	to	talk	to.
But	each	door,	nothing.	Nothing	at	door	55.	Nothing	at	door	T9.	Nothing	at	FLX-8i.7.
Nothing	 at	 2.	 Nothing	 at	 SUPPLIES.	 Nothing	 at	 3315.	 Something	 at	 CTY.	 REC.	 Something
small.
It	was	one	of	few	doors	that	had	meaningful	lettering.	She	listened	at	first,	then	pushed
lightly,	then	heavily.	She	tried	lifting	and	sliding	the	door.	She	knocked.	She	pressed	her
face	to	the	glass.	She	didn’t	know	why,	but	she	did	something	she	had	not	done	at	any	of
the	other	non-doors.	She	put	her	hand	to	the	glass.

She	set	her	palm	against	the	glass	and	spread	her	fingers.	When	she	lifted	it	away,	it
left	its	ghost	upon	the	glass,	a	hand	raised	to	say,	“Stop.”	Or	“Come	here.”	Or	“Hello.”	Or
“Help.”	Or	maybe	only	“I	am	here.	This	hand,	at	least,	is	real.”
Behind	the	handprint	she	saw	a	shadow	approaching	the	glass.
“Diane?”	 Jackie	 stepped	 back	 and	 prepared	 whatever	 energy	 was	 left	 in	 her	 to	 flee
whatever	might	be	behind	the	door.
As	it	neared	the	glass,	she	could	see	that	the	shadow	had	what	looked	like	antlers—
sleek,	tapered	antlers	from	a	bulbous	skull.
“Diane?”	Jackie	asked,	less	hopefully.
“No,”	said	a	voice,	and	the	door	began	to	crack.	A	yellow	sliver	of	light	split	the	black
floor	near	Jackie’s	feet	and	began	to	widen.	Jackie	could	not	move.	The	door	opened	and
she	saw.

46

“Who	do	you	mean	by	‘that	man’?”	said	Diane.
“Troy,”	said	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.
“Troy,”	she	said.
“Diane,”	he	said,	“let	me	tell	you	a	story	about	Troy.”
A	STORY	ABOUT	TROY
There	 once	 was	 a	 town	 called	 King	 City	 that	 was	 completely	 normal.	 Or	 it	 had
many	 small	 abnormalities,	 minor	 secrets,	 moments	 throughout	 its	 history	 that
didn’t	quite	add	up,	and	events	that	no	one	ever	talked	about.	And,	in	that	way,	it
was	completely	normal.
It	sat	on	a	stretch	of	the	101	freeway	between	a	town	called	Greenfield	and	a
state	wildlife	area.	This	stretch	of	the	101	was	not	interesting	to	anyone.	Citizens
of	King	City	would	dispute	this,	because	they	had	been	born	there,	or	had	fallen	in
love	or	had	gone	south	of	the	law	or	gone	above	expectations,	had	lived	full	lives
along	that	stretch	of	freeway.	But	for	most	anyone	else	driving	past	on	their	way
north	or	south	it	was	nothing	and	then	a	town	and	then	not	a	whole	lot	more.
The	 mayor	 of	 that	 town	 was	 a	 young,	 energetic	 man,	 with	 a	 wife	 and	 a
daughter	 and	 a	 house.	 There	 were	 people	 he	 loved	 and	 things	 he	 owned.	 There
were	also	people	he	did	not	love	and	things	he	did	not	own.	He	lived	a	full	life.
Not	 long	 after	 he	 was	 elected,	 a	 new	 man	 arrived	 in	 town.	 People	 arrived	 in
town	all	the	time.	It	wasn’t	that	distant	from	other	places,	and	it	was	along	a	major
thoroughfare.	 There	 was	 a	 Taco	 Bell	 where	 people	 could	 pee.	 There	 was	 a	 gas
station	 where	 people	 could	 pee.	 There	 were	 all	 sorts	 of	 things.	 The	 mayor	 was
proud	of	his	town.
But	 the	 stranger	 wasn’t	 passing	 through.	 He	 was	 coming	 to	 live.	 He	 said	 he
came	from	a	town,	not	that	far	away,	or	possibly	quite	far	away.	He	wasn’t	sure.
“Distance	 is	 confusing,”	 the	 stranger	 would	 tell	 people,	 anyone	 who	 would
listen.	“So	is	time.”
He	would	shake	his	head	and	invite	them	to	join	him	in	considering	the	folly	of
space	and	time.
This	was	not	why	he	was	noticed.

Why	he	was	noticed	was	that	he	was	very	helpful.	As	it	turned	out,	he	was	that
rare	combination	of	nice	and	competent.	There	didn’t	seem	to	be	a	lot	he	couldn’t
do.
Car	troubles?	Sure,	I	know	a	thing	or	two	about	engines.	Nothing	much,	but	I
can	take	a	look.	And	the	car	would	be	running	in	no	time.
Bill	troubles?	Actually,	I	know	a	bit	about	the	law	on	that	stuff.	Let	me	just	talk
to	them	for	a	second,	see	if	there’s	anything	I	can	work	out.	And	the	bill	collectors
would	never	call	again.
Broken	 heart?	 Buddy,	 you	 don’t	 know	 how	 much	 experience	 I	 have	 in	 that
area.	Let	me	buy	you	a	drink	and	we’ll	talk	about	it.	And	while	alcohol	never	fixed
the	 problem,	 it	 certainly	 made	 the	 person	 feel	 better	 for	 the	 time	 that	 the
conversation	lasted.
Everyone	in	town	grew	to	like	him	very	much.
“That	Troy,”	said	Ynez,	an	older	retired	woman	who	worked	weeknights	at	the
music	shop.	“He	is	a	helpful	one,	though,	isn’t	he?”
“Sure	is,”	said	the	mayor.	He	was	wearing	a	tan	jacket.	The	mayor	sometimes
wore	a	tan	jacket,	but	often	did	not.
Then	the	trouble	started.
It	 began	 with	 Troy	 being	 helpful.	 He	 was	 carrying	 groceries	 for	 an	 old	 man
who	possibly	could	have	carried	the	groceries	himself,	but	it	had	been	a	long	day,
and	he	was	tired,	and	if	Troy	wanted	to	carry	them	then	he	would	let	Troy	do	that.
As	 they	 walked	 out	 through	 the	 parking	 lot,	 the	 old	 man	 and	 Troy	 passed
another	Troy	who	was	jump-starting	a	worried	teenager’s	car.	The	teenager	hadn’t
been	 allowed	 to	 take	 the	 car,	 and	 now	 she	 couldn’t	 get	 it	 to	 start,	 and	 she	 was
worried	about	her	parents	coming	home	to	both	her	and	the	car	missing.
“They’re	 going	 to	 call	 the	 cops,”	 she	 was	 saying,	 aloud	 but	 to	 herself.	 “I’m
going	to	be	in	so	much	trouble.”
Troy	had	hooked	the	cables	to	his	battery	and	was	in	the	process	of	hooking	up
the	other	side	to	her	car	when	Troy	walked	by	with	the	old	man	and	his	groceries.
“Hello,”	said	Troy.
“Oh,	hi	there,”	said	the	other	Troy.
The	old	man	and	the	teenager	gaped	at	the	Troys	and	at	each	other.	Troy	kept
carrying	 the	 groceries	 and	 hooking	 up	 the	 jumper	 cables.	 He	 turned	 and	 looked
back	at	the	old	man,	who	had	stopped	walking.
“What’s	wrong?”	Troy	asked.
And	with	that,	Troy	started	to	multiply.	First	a	little,	and	then	more	than	a	little.
He	was	everywhere.	He	was	competent,	and	friendly,	and	helpful,	and	there	were

so	many	of	him.
The	citizens	of	King	City	had	no	idea	what	to	do.	They	looked	to	their	mayor
for	guidance.	Their	mayor	had	no	idea	what	to	do.
He	put	on	his	tan	jacket,	because	it	happened	to	be	chilly	that	day,	and	he	went
to	visit	Troy.	Or	one	of	the	Troys.	The	one	he	thought	was	the	original,	although	it
was	difficult	to	tell	at	that	point.
Troy	smiled	when	he	opened	his	door.
“Oh	 hey,”	 Troy	 said,	 lounging	 back	 in	 toward	 his	 living	 room.	 “Come	 on	 in,
man.	Do	you	want	something	to	drink?	Water?	A	beer?”
“No,	that’s	okay,”	said	the	mayor.	“Listen,	Troy,	I	have	some	questions.”
“Sure,	no	problem.”
“Troy,	where	did	you	come	from,	exactly?”
Troy	frowned.
“Place	 called	 Night	 Vale.	 Great	 town.	 Grew	 up	 there.	 Never	 actually	 lived
anywhere	 else.	 But	 got	 a	 lot	 of	 heartbreak	 back	 there.	 Lot	 of	 bummer	 life
decisions.	 King	 City	 is	 nice.	 Plus	 I	 feel	 like	 I’m	 doing	 real	 good	 here.	 Hey,
speaking	of	which,	anything	you	need	to	get	done?	I’m	feeling	productive	today.”
“No,	Troy.	Thank	you.”	The	mayor	sat	uncomfortably	in	a	comfortable	chair.
“Troy,	there	are	more	of	you.”
“Yeah,”	said	Troy.
“There	are	lots	of	yous.	There	are	multiple	Troys.”
“Well,	 sure,”	 said	 Troy.	 “I	 think	 we’re	 all	 being	 pretty	 helpful	 though,	 right?
Listen,	if	any	of	them	aren’t	helpful,	you	come	talk	to	me.	I’ll	set	myself	right.”
“Helpfulness	 is	 not	 the	 problem,	 Troy.	 The	 problem	 is	 that	 people	 do	 not
multiply.	There	is	never	suddenly	more	of	a	person.”
“Of	 course	 there	 is.	 Look	 at	 me.”	 He	 frowned	 again.	 “I	 dunno.	 Where	 I’m
from,	you	just	kind	of	roll	with	things.	I	guess	I	assumed	this	place	would	be	like
that	too.”
“We	like	you,	Troy,”	said	the	mayor	in	the	tan	jacket.	“But	we’re	confused.”
“Oh,	 hey,	 I	 like	 you	 all	 too.”	 Troy	 got	 up.	 The	 mayor	 got	 up	 too.	 “This	 is	 a
great	town	you	have,	and	I’m	going	to	keep	doing	my	best	to	make	it	better.”	He
started	to	guide	the	mayor	out	the	door.	“Thanks	so	much	for	coming	by.	Feel	free
to	come	by	anytime	if	you	have	something	needs	doing	or	if	you	just	want	to	talk.	I
love	talking.”
The	 mayor	 left	 the	 house,	 feeling	 uneasy	 and	 like	 he	 had	 not	 accomplished
anything	at	all.

The	Troys	continued	to	multiply.	Soon	there	were	entire	neighborhoods	full	of
them,	smiling	and	waving	and	offering	to	help	each	other	out.
The	other	people	in	King	City	changed	too.	They	became	forgetful.	They	found
they	were	talking	less	to	people	that	did	not	live	in	King	City.	They	would	get	calls
from	 their	 mother,	 telling	 them	 that	 they	 hadn’t	 called	 her	 in	 so	 long,	 and	 they
would	realize	that	until	the	moment	she	called,	they	had	forgotten	that	they	had	a
mother.
It	wasn’t	just	their	memory.	There	was	something	happening	physically.	They
were	finding	it	harder	and	harder	to	leave	town.	They	would	try	to	do	just	a	quick
twenty-minute	drive	out	of	city	limits	and	find	that	all	the	roads	led	back	to	town,
that	the	sky	for	a	moment	looked	like	video	static	or	maybe	just	a	lot	of	stars,	more
stars	 than	 anyone	 had	 ever	 seen,	 but	 either	 is	 strange	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 day,
right?	The	101,	so	closely	tied	to	the	life	of	the	town,	became	impossible	to	reach.
There	didn’t	seem	to	be	any	entrances,	and	no	matter	where	they	drove,	it	didn’t
seem	to	get	any	closer.	Soon	they	couldn’t	even	hear	it,	as	close	as	it	was.	Silence
descended	on	their	town.
And	the	Troys	continued	to	multiply.	The	mayor	tried	to	warn	the	town	about
Troy,	but	no	one	could	hold	that	thought	in	their	minds	long	enough	to	do	anything
about	it.
“We	need	a	mayor,”	they	would	say.	“A	mayor	would	be	able	to	lead,	would
know	 what	 to	 do,”	 and	 then	 they	 would	 discover	 that	 they	 had	 a	 mayor	 but	 had
forgotten	about	him.	And	then	they	would	forget	that	they	had	discovered	that.
The	man	who	happened	to	be	mayor	the	day	that	Troy	came	to	town	felt	these
changes	 too.	 He	 went	 home	 less	 and	 less.	 Sometimes	 he	 would	 forget	 where	 his
home	was,	and	even	when	he	did	go	home,	his	wife	and	daughter	and	he	would	all
stare	 at	 each	 other	 with	 wide,	 blank	 eyes,	 unsure	 of	 who	 any	 of	 them	 were,
terrified	of	the	strangers	in	their	home.
Every	time	he	looked	down,	he	seemed	to	be	wearing	that	tan	jacket.	He	would
decide	 to	 take	 it	 off,	 and	 then	 he	 would	 forget	 until	 he	 noticed	 again	 and	 the
process	would	repeat.
Soon	he	stopped	going	home	at	all.	This	was	not	a	decision,	it	was	just	what
happened.	 He	 always	 seemed	 to	 be	 at	 City	 Hall,	 with	 a	 staff	 who	 did	 not	 know
who	he	was	or	that	they	even	had	a	mayor.
The	only	thing	he	could	hold	clearly	in	his	mind	was	the	place	that	Troy	was
from.	A	town	called	Night	Vale.	So	he	went	looking	for	Night	Vale.
Night	Vale	is	not	an	easy	place	to	find,	but	he	had	a	lot	of	time.	In	the	infinite
weirdness	that	had	descended	on	King	City,	time	was	an	inexhaustible	resource.
He	made	it	to	Night	Vale	and	began	trying	to	see	if	anyone	could	help	him	save
his	city	from	Troy.	He	spent	months,	maybe	even	years	there,	he	wasn’t	sure.	No
one	could	remember	talking	to	him,	or	what	they	talked	about.	No	one	could	help

him.	And	then	he	talked	to	Diane,	and	she,	for	whatever	reason,	mentioned	Troy	in
passing.
So	the	mayor,	whose	name	was	not	Evan	McIntyre,	began	working	at	Diane’s
office	to	learn	more	about	Troy,	a	man	of	many	selves	but	only	one	form,	and	in
time	learned	about	his	son,	Josh,	a	boy	of	many	forms	but	only	one	self.	And	the
mayor	knew	what	he	had	to	do.
He	wasn’t	happy	about	it,	but	then	nothing	made	him	happy	anymore.
“Your	 Josh	 is	 the	 son	 of	 the	 man	 that	 took	 my	 town	 from	 me,”	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan
jacket	said	to	Diane.	“Your	son	Josh	is	also	an	unusual	person,	but	he	is	different	than	his
father.	I	need	his	help	to	understand	Troy	and	save	my	town.”
He	sighed,	looking	out	his	window	as	though	the	view	were	anything	but	a	wall	and	a
garbage	can.
“I	 feel	 as	 though	 we	 have	 been	 replaced	 by	 some	 other	 King	 City	 that	 has	 gone	 on
with	the	normal	progression	of	its	life	as	a	city,	right	where	we	left	it,	diverging	from	us	as
we	have	spiraled	out	into	whatever	part	of	space	and	time	you	would	call	this.”
Diane	stood.	She	didn’t	care	about	the	man	or	his	town.
“Tell	me	where	you	took	my	son.	I	want	my	son.”
The	 flies	 swarmed	 again,	 catching	 Diane	 off	 guard.	 She	 stumbled	 backward	 into	 the
leather	chair.	The	man	in	the	tan	jacket	shook	his	head.
“Space	and	time	are	weird,	right?”
He	was	right.
“Listen,	Evan,	or	whatever	your	name	is,	it’s	terrible	what	happened	to	your	town.	But
I	need	my	son	back.	Because	as	much	as	I	care	about	the	world,	I	care	more	about	my	son.
You	have	a	daughter,	you	understand.”
“I	do.	I	do	have	a	daughter,”	he	said,	turning	back	around	to	face	her.	“And	as	much	as
I	care	about	your	son,	I	care	more	about	my	daughter.	You,	I’m	sure,	understand.	We’ve
all	had	family	taken	from	us	because	of	Troy.”
She	pointed	at	him.	She	meant	it.
“Understand	this.	I	will	find	my	son.	I	will	find	my	son	right	away.”
Which	 is	 when	 her	 son	 walked	 in	 with	 Jackie.	 He	 had	 a	 squat	 body	 and	 enormous
antlers.
“Hi,	Mom,”	Josh	said.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	 …	 break	 into	 his	 storage	 locker?	 Who	 would	 do	 such	 a	 thing?	 Feral	 dogs
probably.	They	are	notorious	thieves.
In	other	news,	a	recent	report	suggests	that	things	may	not	be	as	they	seem.	The	report
explains	 that	 things	 are	 definitely	 what	 they	 are,	 but	 never	 what	 they	 seem.	 Many
scientists	contributed	to	the	report.	They	studied	numbers	that	were	on	computer	screens
and	wrote	out	long	equations	and	drew	many	diagrams	that	helped	prove	their	point.
“Even	 these	 pages	 you	 think	 you’re	 reading	 could	 be	 quite	 different	 from	 what	 you
think	you	see,”	the	report	explained.	“It’s	possible	this	report	is	just	a	sprawling	aloe	plant
or	a	mid-century	modern	maple	credenza.	You	could	try	to	study	it	more	closely,	but	you
will	never	know	for	certain.”
No	word	on	whether	or	not	things	have	been	what	they	have	seemed	before	this	report
or	whether	they	will	be	what	they	seem	at	some	point	in	the	future.
And	now,	traffic.
There	is	a	man	walking	out	into	the	desert.	He	doesn’t	have	much.	At	one	point	he	had
a	new	job	and	a	nice	car	and	people	in	his	life.	Now	he	only	has	his	gray	pin-striped	suit
stained	with	dirt	and	a	five-dollar	bill.	Soon,	he	thinks,	he	will	have	less.	The	less	he	has
the	more	things	make	sense	to	him,	although	he	doesn’t	understand	why.
He	 thinks	 back	 to	 the	 men	 he	 had	 been	 in	 the	 past.	 The	 man	 with	 a	 lover.	 The	 man
with	a	job.	The	man	driving	without	a	destination.	The	man	with	a	fancy	watch	in	a	place
where	 time	 doesn’t	 work.	 The	 man	 standing	 out	 in	 the	 desert	 with	 blood	 all	 over	 his
hands.	The	man	entering	a	pawnshop.	They	all	seemed	to	be	different	people,	people	who
didn’t	know	each	other	although	they	might	vaguely	recognize	each	other	from	different
corners	at	a	party	none	of	them	liked.
But	 he	 also	 knew	 that	 they	 were	 all	 him,	 that	 all	 of	 them	 still	 lived	 inside	 his	 body,
somewhere.	That	they	could	never	leave,	just	recede	into	a	background	hum	in	his	mind.
The	young	man	is	in	the	desert.	He	is	looking	back	at	a	world	that	does	not	belong	to
him.	Nothing	belongs	to	him.	He	is	looking	around	at	a	landscape	that	desolates	outward
forever.	So	he	stops	where	he	is,	as	good	as	any	other	place.
He	looks	up.	Again,	it	is	there	in	the	sky.	The	planet	of	awesome	size,	lit	by	no	sun.
An	invisible	titan,	all	thick	black	forests	and	jagged	mountains	and	deep,	turbulent	oceans.
It	is	very	close	now.	So	close	that	he	wonders	if	he	could	touch	it.	As	he	reaches	up,	he
thinks	he	sees	movement	on	its	surface.	Through	the	canopy	of	the	forests	and	upon	the

slopes	of	the	mountains	and	on	the	shores	of	the	churning	ocean.	People	maybe.	Crowds
of	 people	 all	 wrapped	 in	 white	 cloth.	 They	 are	 leaning	 into	 each	 other	 like	 dropped
puppets.	They	sway	lifelessly.	He	feels	horror	in	the	back	of	his	throat,	but	still	he	reaches
up.
He	can’t	help	himself.	It’s	just	what	he	does	next.
This	has	been	traffic.
And	now	a	word	from	our	sponsors.
Do	 you	 have	 lost	 memories?	 Are	 there	 any	 memories	 that	 once	 were	 there	 but	 have
since	 been	 misplaced?	 Or	 taken?	 Forcibly	 taken	 from	 you?	 Well,	 of	 course,	 how	 would
you	know	if	you	had?
So	let’s	try	this	a	different	way.	Do	you	ever	feel	like	there	is	a	gap	in	yourself?	Do
you	ever	act	in	ways	that	you	do	not	understand	and	then	immediately	regret?	Do	you	feel
like	there	is	a	great	abyss	of	meaning	in	your	very	core	that	will	never	be	filled,	and	yet
you	cannot	help	but	try	to	fill	it?
Then	 yes,	 you	 have	 had	 many	 things	 taken	 from	 you,	 memories	 among	 them.	 And
what	you	need	is	Lifelock.
After	 signing	 up	 for	 Lifelock,	 you	 will	 be	 immediately	 picked	 up	 by	 our	 friendly,
armed	technicians	and	transported	in	protective	restraints	to	a	secure	and	heavily	guarded
facility,	 where	 you	 will	 be	 safely	 locked	 away	 in	 an	 unmarked	 cell	 with	 no	 windows	 or
lights,	so	no	one	will	be	able	to	see	you	or	get	to	you.	Once	you	are	locked	away	and	your
identity	has	been	destroyed	in	all	possible	records,	you	will	be	forever	safe	from	identity
theft,	 impersonation,	 assassination,	 assignations,	 and,	 of	 course,	 memory	 removal.	 You
will	 never	 do	 anything	 again	 that	 might	 put	 you	 at	 risk	 of	 harm.	 Everything	 you	 could
conceivably	do	puts	you	at	risk	of	harm.	You	must	stay	still	in	the	darkness.	We	will	hold
you	close	to	our	chest,	almost	suffocatingly	close,	in	the	warm	still	of	our	empty	forever.
We’ll	protect	you	from	this	world	by	completely	removing	you	from	it.	Lifelock.
This	has	been	a	message	from	our	sponsors.
Oh,	I	don’t	know	if	I’ve	mentioned	my	boyfriend	Carlos	on	the	air	before,	but	…

47

“Mom,”	Josh	protested	as	Diane	wrapped	her	arms	around	his	sloped,	furry	shoulders.
She	gripped	his	body	tight,	placing	one	hand	across	his	wide	back	and	the	other	hand
to	the	back	of	his	head,	between	the	tall,	pointed	ears.
“Josh,”	 she	 said	 over	 and	 over.	 “Josh.	 Josh.”	 Jackie	 placed	 her	 casted	 hand	 on	 his
mother’s	back.
Diane	concentrated	on	breathing	deep,	full	breaths.	“Thank	you,	Jackie.”
“Mom.”	Josh	blushed.	“It’s	okay.	It’s	okay.”
“Josh,	it’s	not	okay.	I	haven’t	seen	you	in	a	week.	What	have	they	done	to	you?”
“Nothing,	Mom.	I’m	fine.”	He	gently	removed	her	arms	from	his	body.
She	looked	into	his	eyes,	or	into	the	eyes	of	his	body,	looking	for	him.	Her	own	eyes
hardened.	 Her	 tears	 dried.	 Her	 pupils	 contracted,	 lids	 narrowing.	 He	 felt	 the	 moment
turning.
“I	took	your	car	for	the	afternoon,”	he	said,	pleading	the	case	in	what	he	failed	to	keep
from	 a	 whine.	 “I’m	 sorry.	 I	 found	 out	 that	 my	 dad	 had	 moved	 to	 King	 City	 and	 then	 I
found	that	paper	in	your	purse	and	then	I	thought	I	could	take	the	car	to	King	City	to	look
up	stuff	about	my	dad.	I	thought	you	would	be	gone	the	whole	day.	You’ve	been	gone	a	lot
lately.
“I	 mapped	 it	 out,	 and	 it	 looked	 like	 it	 was	 maybe	 only	 a	 couple	 hours’	 drive.	 I	 was
planning	to	come	back	tonight.	But	I	ran	up	on	the	curb	into	someone’s	lawn.	I	wanted	to
have	cool-looking	wings,	but	it	was	hard	to	drive	with	them.	I	was	all	pushed	forward	and
they	kept	getting	in	my	eyes.	I	dented	your	fender,	and	ruined	their	shrubbery	and	crushed
this	 row	 of	 plastic	 garden	 flamingos	 that	 got	 stuck	 in	 the	 bumper,	 and	 apparently	 I	 ran
Jackie	off	the	road,	but	I	didn’t	see	that.	I’m	so	sorry,	Jackie.	The	wings	were	in	my	eyes
and	I	didn’t	know.
“I	 was	 scared	 you’d	 be	 mad	 about	 your	 car,	 so	 I	 tried	 to	 drive	 home,	 but	 the	 city
around	me	wasn’t	familiar-looking	anymore.	I	saw	this	building	marked	 CITY	HALL,	which
is	 where	 Ty	 told	 me	 I	 could	 find	 all	 kinds	 of	 stuff	 out	 about	 my	 real	 dad.	 So	 I	 came	 in
here.	That	was	like	an	hour	ago.”
“Josh,	you’ve	been	gone	for	days.”
“Mom,	you	just	texted	me	a	couple	hours	ago,	and	I	said	‘Good.	Be	home	later.’	See?”
He	held	up	his	phone.

“Time	is	weird	in	Night	Vale,”	the	mayor	said.
“Shut	up,”	Jackie	said.	The	cloud	of	black	flies	rose,	but	she	moved	at	them	without
hesitation.	They	buzzed	louder	and	retreated	to	the	other	side	of	the	room.
“It’s	not	his	fault,	Diane,”	Jackie	said.	“It	isn’t.	You	and	I	both	know	that.	We	know	it
together.”
Diane	 continued	 to	 stare	 at	 Josh.	 Her	 eyes	 burned	 on	 the	 cusp	 between	 crying	 and
yelling.
“But	maybe,	Josh,”	Jackie	said,	“we	finish	driver’s	ed	when	we	get	back	to	town.	Or
maybe	 you	 don’t	 need	 hooves	 when	 you	 drive,	 straight	 up	 hands	 will	 do	 the	 trick,	 all
right?	Full	human	form	when	you	drive.”
“I’m	 sorry.	 I	 didn’t	 know.	 I	 didn’t	 know.”	 Josh	 lowered	 his	 head.	 He	 saw	 the	 deep
yellow	 and	 purple	 bruises	 around	 the	 edges	 of	 Jackie’s	 cast	 and	 along	 her	 neck,	 and
cringed	in	shame.
“Let’s	just	go	home,”	Jackie	said.	“You	and	Josh	can	take	your	car,	and	I’ll	follow	in
the	Mercedes.”
“That	is	absolutely	not	possible,”	said	the	mayor	in	the	tan	jacket.
“Shut	up,”	Jackie	said	again.
She	 moved	 toward	 him,	 her	 face	 set.	 The	 flies	 regrouped	 into	 an	 opaque	 cloud
between	her	and	the	man.	She	stepped	forward	into	them.	The	flies	swarmed	onto	her	skin
and	into	her	clothes	and	onto	her	face	and	into	her	eyes	and	her	nose	and	her	mouth.	Their
guts	oozed	onto	her	tongue	as	they	crunched	between	her	teeth.	She	batted	at	them	with
her	uninjured	arm,	but	they	wouldn’t	release	even	as	she	got	to	his	desk	and	grabbed	the
pair	of	scissors	leaning	against	the	rim	of	a	coffee	mug.
She	 held	 up	 the	 scissors.	 The	 mayor	 moved	 back,	 gawping	 at	 her	 fly-covered	 body,
everyone	else	in	the	room	forgetting	his	look	of	terror	the	moment	they	looked	away.	She
brought	the	scissors	down,	driving	a	blade	into	her	cast,	and	sawing.	The	cast	resisted	and
the	blades	were	not	sharp,	but	she	hacked	with	a	fury.	The	flies	retreated	one	by	one	as	she
worked	herself	into	a	sweat	fighting	against	her	own	cast.	Her	skin	was	swollen	and	red
where	the	flies	had	been.
Finally,	 dull	 blades	 and	 all,	 she	 ripped	 off	 the	 top	 of	 the	 cast,	 exposing	 a	 hand	 still
clutching	a	paper	that	said	“KING	CITY.”	She	held	it	up	to	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.
“Oh	 yes,	 of	 course.”	 He	 walked	 over	 and	 plucked	 the	 paper	 from	 her	 hand,	 like	 a
person	taking	a	slip	of	paper	out	of	another	person’s	hand,	and	tossed	it	into	the	trash	can,
where	it	stayed.	He	did	the	same	with	the	paper	in	Josh’s	hand.
Jackie	stared	at	her	empty	palm,	breathing	hard	from	exertion	and	relief.	She	clasped
and	unclasped	her	sticky,	sore	fingers,	reveling	in	the	emptiness	of	them.
“Now	then,”	said	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket,	“that’s	done.	And	Josh	will	be	back	to	you
sooner	or	later,	I’m	sure.”

“No,”	Diane	said.	Jackie	was	too	struck	by	the	burden	that	had	just	been	lifted	from
her,	and	would	not	be	able	to	do	this	confrontation	for	her.	She	would	have	to	do	it	herself.
“You	awful,	forgettable	man,”	Diane	said.	“You	will	not	keep	him.	You’ve	infected	my
town	with	your	blank	face	and	your	false	memories.	I	am	sorry	no	one	knows	who	you
are,	I	really	am.	I’m	sorry	that	no	one	remembers	you	are	mayor.	I’m	sorry	for	your	town.”
She	felt	another	Diane	crossing	a	street	somewhere	else,	arms	full	with	groceries,	and
yet	another,	looking	idly	at	the	passing	scenery	outside	of	a	bus	window.
“I	am	sorry	you’ve	resorted	to	taking	other	people’s	children—”
“I	wasn’t	taken,	Mom.”
“Josh,	honestly,	you	are	not	old	enough	to	know	the	difference.	I’m	sorry	you	have	to
resort	 to	 taking	 other	 people’s	 children.	 Maybe	 the	 problem	 isn’t	 with	 Troy.	 Maybe	 the
problem	is	with	you.	Maybe	if	you	were	a	better	mayor,	you	wouldn’t	be	forgotten.	Good
deeds	don’t	go	unnoticed.	If	there	was	an	economy	and	good	roads	and	schools,	no	one
would	try	to	elect	a	new	leader	every	few	months.”
The	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket’s	 eyes	 darkened.	 Jackie	 saw	 his	 eyes.	 They	 were
unforgettable.
“And	maybe,	just	maybe,”	Diane	said,	her	hand	waving	in	asynchronous	rhythm	to	her
speech,	“a	good	father	only	has	to	be	a	good	father,	not	a	good	mayor,	not	a	man	with	a
memorable	 face.	 Look	 at	 yourself,	 Evan,	 or	 whatever	 the	 fuck	 your	 name	 is.	 Josh,	 I’m
sorry	I	cursed.	Evan,	be	accountable	to	your	wife	and	family,	and	they	will	care	enough	to
know	who	you	are.	Govern	your	city,	and	you	won’t	have	to	infect	mine.	Be	a	father	to
your	child,	and	you	won’t	have	to	steal	mine.”
The	 mayor	 backed	 up	 to	 his	 seat	 but	 did	 not	 sit.	 His	 flies	 stacked	 themselves	 in	 a
subdued	pyramid	on	his	shoulder.
“Diane	 Crayton,	 I	 have	 infected	 no	 one.	 You	 misunderstand	 the	 situation.	 I	 came	 to
Night	 Vale	 because	 there	 was	 no	 place	 weirder,	 and	 I	 thought	 someone	 there	 would
understand.	 But	 my	 long	 conversations	 were	 forgotten.	 My	 pleas	 went	 unnoticed.	 So	 I
started	to	write	it	down.	A	simple	message	that	would	stick	better.	That,	in	fact,	it	would
be	impossible	to	put	down.”
He	winced	apologetically	at	Jackie.
“I’m	sorry	about	that.	I	didn’t	think	people	would	mind	that	much.	I	need	the	people	of
your	weird	town	to	tell	me	how	to	unweird	my	own.	I	was	desperate.	Desperation	does	not
breed	empathy	or	clear	thinking.”
“You	ruined	my	life,”	said	Jackie.
He	shrugged.	That	was	all	he	would	have	to	say	on	that.
“Please	understand,	I	didn’t	want	to	force	Josh.	I	knew	he	would	be	curious	about	his
father.	I	just	wanted	to	give	him	the	information	he	would	need	to	find	him.	I	just	wanted
to	 give	 him	 the	 opportunity,	 a	 piece	 of	 paper	 with	 a	 town’s	 name	 on	 it,	 and	 I	 knew

somehow,	once	given	it,	that	he	would	take	it.”
Jackie	was	trying	to	understand	the	implication	of	what	he	was	saying.
“All	 of	 that,	 all	 that	 I	 went	 through,”	 Jackie	 said,	 “it	 wasn’t	 even	 for	 me?	 You	 were
trying	to	get	the	paper	to	Diane	and	Josh?	Why	would	you	give	it	to	me?”
The	man	shrugged	again.
“I	 didn’t	 know	 what	 Josh	 looked	 like.	 He	 could	 have	 been	 anything.	 So	 I	 gave	 the
paper	 to	 as	 many	 people	 as	 I	 could,	 hoping	 that	 one	 of	 them	 eventually	 would	 be	 him.
None	 of	 them	 ever	 were.	 That’s	 when	 I	 decided	 that,	 as	 much	 as	 I	 didn’t	 want	 Diane
knowing	about	this,	I	would	have	to	get	close	to	her	and	see	if	she	would	give	Josh	the
paper.”
“So	you	understood	that	what	you	were	doing	was	wrong?”	Diane	said.
“If	you	had	just	given	that	paper	to	him,	it	would	have	stuck.	But	you	tried	to	keep	it
from	him.	Or	maybe	you	just	didn’t	remember	that	you	had	it.	I	should	have	made	it	so
you	 couldn’t	 get	 rid	 of	 it,	 but	 then	 you	 wouldn’t	 have	 been	 able	 to	 give	 it	 to	 Josh,	 and
anyway	 I’m	 just	 a	 mayor	 of	 what	 is,	 after	 all,	 only	 a	 small	 town.	 I	 can’t	 think	 of
everything.”
The	flies	buzzed	sympathetically.	Or	that	was	their	intention.	It	sounded	no	different
than	the	rest	of	their	buzzing.
“Mom.”	Josh	put	a	tentacular	arm	around	Diane.	“I	want	to	stay.	I	want	to	help.	It’s	not
dangerous.	 It’s	 a	 chance	 for	 me	 to	 meet	 my	 dad,	 to	 talk	 to	 him.	 I	 can	 really	 help	 these
people.”
“Josh,	we’re	leaving.	We	will	talk	about	your	father	later.”
“This	town	needs	me	to	stay.	Mom,	I—”
“No,”	 said	 Jackie.	 “No.	 They	 just	 need	 one	 of	 Troy’s	 kids	 to	 stay.	 And	 we	 have
another	one	of	those.	Troy’s	my	father	too.”
Diane	 and	 Josh	 and	 the	 man	 in	 the	 tan	 jacket	 all	 turned	 to	 face	 her.	 Even	 the	 flies
stopped	flying,	landing	on	the	closest	surface	and	turning	to	face	her.
“You?”	said	the	man.
“Anything	 you	 could	 learn	 from	 Josh,	 you	 could	 learn	 from	 me.	 And	 if	 you’re	 not
putting	me	in	some	lab,	I	don’t	mind	helping	you.	You’re	not	like	a	mad	scientist,	right?
This	is	just	a	research	project?”
“Jackie,	no.”
“Diane,	yes.	Josh	has	you	and	you	have	him.	You	are	a	family.	What	do	I	have?	Years
of	repetition	and	a	mother	I	can	barely	remember.	This	is	no	better,	but	this	is	no	worse,
and	if	I	keep	your	family	together,	then	at	last	I’ll	have	done	something	that	isn’t	running	a
pawnshop.	Take	Josh,	okay?	Take	your	son	and	leave.”
Diane	 did	 not	 want	 to	 do	 that.	 She	 saw	 the	 waver	 in	 Jackie’s	 posture,	 the	 way	 she

leaned	her	hand	on	the	wall.	She	was	not	 well,	 and	 she	 needed	 Diane	 to	 help	 her.	 They
needed	 each	 other.	 But	 there	 was	 Josh.	 And	 as	 much	 as	 she	 loved,	 and	 maybe	 she	 did,
maybe	she	loved	Jackie,	she	loved	Josh	more.
Dusk	had	turned	to	night,	and	the	cheap	overhead	lighting	in	the	office	accentuated	the
unimpressive	 realness	 of	 this	 man’s	 life:	 his	 ballpoint	 pens,	 his	 worn-out	 coat	 (probably
one	 of	 only	 a	 couple	 of	 jackets	 he	 owned),	 the	 chipped	 paint	 on	 the	 walls,	 the	 wrinkles
streaking	out	from	his	eyes	and	nose.
Diane	felt	herself	at	that	very	moment	getting	a	thick	piece	of	skin	removed	from	her
back.	 The	 doctor	 was	 taping	 the	 wound	 closed	 and	 telling	 her	 to	 come	 back	 for	 results
next	week.	Diane	felt	herself	filling	out	a	pet	adoption	form	at	a	shelter.	Diane	felt	herself
falling	 off	 a	 ladder.	 She	 felt	 herself	 riding	 an	 elevator.	 She	 felt	 herself	 living	 in	 a	 moon
colony	hundreds	of	years	in	the	future.	She	felt	so	many	of	her,	but	still	she	was	alone	with
this	decision.
“I’m	young,	yes,”	said	Jackie,	“but	I’m	also	much	older	than	you	can	imagine,	Diane.
I’m	older	than	I	can	imagine.	I	have	all	the	time	in	the	world.	I’ll	continue	being	nineteen
with	no	connections,	no	one	to	give	me	a	reason	to	grow	a	day	older.	I	have	a	mother	who
will	miss	me,	sure,	but	she	already	saw	me	through	childhood.	You	need	to	have	the	same
chance.	You	need	to	help	your	son	be	a	better	man	than	his	father.”
Josh	opened	his	mouth	to	protest.
“Josh,	I	get	it,	man,	I	do,”	Jackie	said.	“I	grew	up	without	a	father,	same	as	you.	But
you	will	have	time.	Later,	after	your	mother	has	finished	what	she	needs	to	do.	The	next
time	you	see	me,	maybe	you	and	I	will	be	the	same	age,	and	we	can	have	this	talk	again.
I’d	like	that.”
Diane	 turned	 to	 her,	 but	 before	 their	 eyes	 met,	 Diane	 saw	 the	 window.	 The	 night
reflected	 everything	 in	 the	 room	 back	 at	 her.	 There	 was	 a	 woman	 in	 the	 window,
translucent	 and	 warped,	 wearing	 what	 she	 was	 wearing,	 standing	 the	 way	 she	 was
standing,	making	the	same	small	movements	she	was	making,	and	looking	deep	into	her
eyes.	She	did	not	recognize	the	woman	in	the	window,	even	though	she	had	seen	her	many
times.
“You	know	I’m	right,”	Jackie	said.
“I’ll	accept	whatever	decision	you	make,”	said	the	mayor	in	the	tan	jacket.	“Either	one
is	fine	with	us.	You	just	have	to	make	a	choice.”
Diane	 put	 her	 hand	 out	 to	 Jackie,	 who	 took	 it.	 Jackie	 was	 crying,	 but	 calm.	 She
accepted	 what	 would	 have	 to	 happen	 next.	 Diane	 did	 not	 break	 eye	 contact	 with	 the
woman	in	the	window.
“No,”	Diane	said,	“I	don’t.”
“Oh,	come	on,”	the	man	said.	“Yes	you	do,	get	on	with	it	please.”
“This	is	not	about	King	City	and	it’s	not	about	Troy’s	children.	It’s	about	Troy.	He	has
infected	King	City	with	our	town’s	weirdness.”

“Asshole.”
“Exactly,	Jackie.	What	an	asshole.	And	what	an	asshole	this	guy	is.”	She	pointed	at	the
asshole	in	the	tan	jacket.
He	seemed	much	taller	than	before.	His	flies	spread	out	behind	him,	an	angry,	buzzing
aura.
“You	must	choose,”	he	roared.	“You	must	choose	who	will	stay,	or	I	will	choose	for
you.”
“You’re	not	staying	here,”	she	said	to	Jackie,	ignoring	him,	“and	Josh	is	not	staying
here.”
Jackie	 nodded.	 “You’re	 right.	 It’s	 not	 our	 fault.	 It’s	 not	 us	 should	 be	 solving	 these
problems.	It’s	time	for	Troy	to	do	it.”
“And	Troy’s	not	staying	here.	It’s	time	for	Troy	to	go	home.”
“Damn	right	it	is.”
“Stop	talking	and	choose	which	child,”	the	man	shouted.	No	one	was	listening.
“I	met	a	group	of	him	at	the	bar.	Good	a	place	to	talk	to	him	as	any.”
“Then	let’s	go.”	The	woman	in	the	window	walked	away,	but	Diane	did	not	move.	She
had	 a	 sudden	 moment	 of	 doubt.	 What	 if	 she	 was	 wrong?	 What	 if	 she	 was	 making	 a
mistake?	Her	reflection	was	gone	and	she	still	could	not	move.	And	then	she	felt	Jackie
take	her	hand.
“I’m	 with	 you,”	 Jackie	 said	 gently.	 “Let’s	 go.”	 She	 hooked	 her	 injured	 arm	 through
Josh’s	tentacular	arm	and	led	them	both	out	the	door	and	back	up	the	hall.
The	man	in	the	tan	jacket	followed	them	into	the	hallway.
“Where	are	you	going?	Come	back	here	at	once.”	The	flies	buzzed	around	him.	None
of	the	three	looked	back,	and	the	buzzing	grew	faint	as	they	pushed	open	the	front	door
into	the	dusty	night	air.
“You	must	choose.	You	must	choose,”	said	a	distant	voice,	and	then	the	door	closed
and	it	was	silent	once	again.

48

“Troy,”	Jackie	shouted.
“Get	out	here	right	now,	Troy,”	Diane	shouted.
The	first	Troy	who	emerged	from	the	bar	was	the	one	with	the	shiner,	bloomed	now	to
violet.	He	looked	dazed,	possibly	concussed.
Jackie	held	the	door	open	and	ushered	them	all	out,	helping	with	a	pull	on	the	sleeve
or	 a	 shove	 on	 the	 shoulder	 in	 case	 any	 of	 them	 hesitated.	 Some	 were	 wobbly	 from	 the
beer.	Others	strong	and	chipper	and	ready	to	drive	home.	Troy	Walsh	was	prepared	for	all
contingencies.	Troy	Walsh	was	confused	about	what	was	happening.
“Troy.	Get	out	here.	Come	on.”	Jackie	herded	them	all	outdoors.
Imagine	 a	 thirty-two-year-old	 man.	 Imagine	 a	 thirty-two-year-old	 man	 who	 is	 many
men.	 They	 all	 look	 like	 the	 same	 man	 because	 they	 all	 are	 the	 same	 man,	 have	 always
been	 the	 same	 man.	 Imagine	 a	 thirty-two-year-old	 man	 who	 could	 fix	 your	 car	 and	 file
your	taxes	and	mix	you	an	intoxicating	cocktail	and	paint	your	miniature	collectibles.
Imagine	a	thirty-two-year-old	man	born	with	the	ability	to	be	all	things	to	all	people
but	nothing	to	any	one	person.	Imagine	the	look	on	his	face	when	he	steps	out	of	a	bar,	a
multitude	of	him,	and	sees	the	woman	he,	for	a	short	time,	always	loved	fifteen	years	ago.
Imagine	 the	 look	 on	 his	 face	 when	 he	 sees	 a	 boy	 he	 does	 not	 recognize,	 but	 knows
exactly	who	he	is.
Imagine	 his	 mouth	 opening	 slightly.	 Imagine	 the	 crack	 of	 verbal	 thought	 widening
across	his	many	countenances.	Imagine	the	words	visible	in	his	eyes	as	he	looks	up,	trying
to	shake	out	the	logic	and	dislodge	the	emotions	as	the	crack	opens	wide	and	humid	breath
hums	in	to	prepare	for	a	flood	of	words.
“Shut	your	mouth,”	Diane	said.	“Don’t	say	a	word.”
She	extended	her	arm	in	front	of	Josh,	who	had	also	stepped	forward	to	speak.
“I	will	let	you	speak	in	a	moment,	Josh.”
Diane	looked	at	Troy.	She	looked	at	each	and	every	one	of	him.	Stay	there,	her	eyes
said.	If	I	can	see	you,	you	cannot	move.
“This	is	your	son:	Josh.	I	call	him	your	son	because	words	can	mean	certain	things.	It
is	not	the	right	word	but	it	is	the	correct	word.	Behind	you	is	your	daughter:	Jackie.
“I	am	not	here	to	ask	for	support.	I	am	certainly	not	here	to	ask	for	anything	on	behalf

of	Josh	or	Jackie.	I	am	here	to	tell	you	something	on	behalf	of	me	and	all	those	you	are
affecting.
“You	are	to	come	home,	Troy	Walsh.	You	are	to	come	back	to	Night	Vale	and	leave
this	town.	You	are	many,	and	you	are	helpful,	and	you	are	kind.	But	meaning	well	is	not
doing	well.	You	mean	well,	but	you	do	not	do	well.	You	are	destroying	this	time	and	space
by	bringing	the	strangeness	of	our	time	and	place	into	it.	We	belong	in	Night	Vale,	all	of
us.	It	is	our	home.	Go	home,	Troy.”
The	Troys	all	glanced	at	each	other.	Some	had	looks	of	sincere	grief	and	shame.	Some
had	doubtful	grins	and	smug	elbows.	One	waved	her	away	and	staggered	back	toward	the
bar,	but	Jackie	kicked	him	in	the	shins	and	shoved	him	back	to	the	group.	Diane	persisted.
“You	have	helped	many	people	with	your	many	skills,	but	also	you’re	an	irresponsible
little	 shit.	 Both	 of	 those	 are	 true.	 Truth	 can	 be	 contradictory.	 You	 are	 not	 forgiven	 your
lapses	 by	 your	 nonlapses.	 How	 many	 children	 do	 you	 have?	 How	 many	 have	 you	 left
behind?	Forget	it,	I	don’t	care.	What	I	care	about	is:	What	is	Jackie’s	mother’s	name?	How
old	 is	 Jackie?	 What	 does	 your	 son	 look	 like?	 Behind	 all	 the	 physical	 forms,	 what	 does
your	son	look	like?	What’s	his	favorite	food?	Is	he	dating?	What’s	the	person’s	name?”
Troy	 looked	 at	 each	 other.	 One	 scratched	 his	 head,	 one	 burped,	 one	 stood	 straighter,
uncertain	but	willing	to	give	the	questions	a	shot.
“No,	don’t	try	to	answer.	You	don’t	know	the	answers.	Don’t	waste	our	time	guessing.
Here’s	 another	 question	 you	 can’t	 answer:	 What	 does	 a	 father	 do?	 What	 kind	 of	 job	 is
that?	In	all	your	infinite	incarnations,	is	there	one	single	good	dad	or	partner	in	there?”
“Hey	 now,	 hey.”	 The	 Troy	 who	 had	 tried	 to	 leave	 was	 stumbling	 forward,	 the	 sober
Troys	 unsuccessfully	 trying	 to	 restrain	 him,	 shaking	 their	 heads	 and	 muttering
discouragements.	“No,	hey,	I’m	going	to	respond.	I’m	not	just	going	to	listen	to	this.	I	did
come	back.	I’m	living	in	Night	Vale	again.”
A	few	of	the	other	Troys	nodded,	although	they	said	nothing.
“I	was	going	to	come	see	you	guys,	come	see	Josh,	but	I	just	hadn’t	gotten	around	to
it.	 There	 were	 some	 other	 jobs	 to	 do	 first.	 People	 needed	 my	 help.	 But	 I	 was	 coming.	 I
would	have	been	right	there.”
“No	 one	 needs	 your	 help,”	 said	 Jackie,	 sneering	 at	 her	 father,	 a	 man	 who	 expressed
multitudes	 but	 contained	 nothing.	 “It’s	 you	 that	 needs	 the	 act	 of	 helping.	 You	 do	 it	 for
yourself	 and	 not	 for	 anyone	 else,	 or	 you	 would	 have	 left	 this	 town	 when	 your	 ‘help’
knocked	 it	 off	 the	 map.	 Instead	 you	 nudged	 a	 smatter	 of	 you	 back	 to	 Night	 Vale,	 like
crumbs	at	birds.	That’s	not	a	return.	That’s	a	toe	in	the	water.	That’s	a	minimum	of	effort.
You	help	and	help,	but	you’re	lazy.	You’re	goddamn	lazy.”
The	more	drunk	Troys	glanced	at	each	other,	nervous.	One	of	the	sober	Troys	stepped
forward.
“I	didn’t	feel	I	had	earned	that	yet,”	Troy	said,	looking	only	at	Diane,	who	he	seemed
less	intimidated	by.	“I	didn’t	feel	I	was	ready	to	see	you.	I	was	really	young,	you	know,
and	that’s	a	terrible	excuse,	but	it’s	what	I	was.	And	now	I’m	older.	I	can	be	many	things.

I’ve	learned	I	don’t	have	to	run.	If	you	would	have	me.	All	of	me.”	He	gestured	to	all	of
him	around	him.	“I	would	happily	be	part	of	your	lives	again.”
“This	is	not	an	invitation	to	be	part	of	our	lives,”	said	Diane.	“This	is	a	demand	that
you	return	home.”
“Asshole,”	said	Jackie.
The	Troys,	en	masse,	turned	to	Josh.	“Josh,	this	is	a	strange	way	to	first	meet,	and	you
don’t	 have	 to	 let	 me	 be	 your	 father.	 I	 need	 to	 earn	 that,	 but	 I’d	 like	 to	 earn	 it.	 I	 will	 be
there.	I	will	do	my	best,	much	better	than	before,	to	be	a	man	you	can	trust	as	a	father.	Or
whatever	relationship	we	can	build.	I	owe	you	that.”
Diane	 allowed	 her	 son	 to	 answer	 for	 himself,	 against	 every	 instinct.	 Jackie	 nodded
reassurance	at	her.	Josh	didn’t	answer,	instead	turning	to	Diane,	his	eyes	pleading,	his	face
looking	similar	to	Troy’s	for	the	first	time	in	his	life.
“You	don’t	have	to	ask	permission,”	she	said.	“Speak	your	mind.	Say	what	you	want.”
Josh	 swallowed.	 He	 was	 quiet.	 The	 Troys	 were	 quiet.	 Everyone	 waited.	 When	 he
spoke,	the	words	were	soft	but	clear.
“Okay,”	Josh	said,	and	the	Troys	flashed	proud	grins.	“But	you’ve	been	gone	fifteen
years.	She	raised	me	just	fine	without	you,	so	it’s	a	little,	um,	it’s	a	little	shitty	for	you	to
talk	to	me	like	I	need	you.	Sorry,	Mom,	for	saying	‘shitty.’
“I	mean	…	Jackie.	Jackie	runs	her	own	store,	and	she’s	awesome.	She’s	doing	great.
Right,	Jackie?”
“You	tell	him,	antlers.”	Jackie	smiled	with	her	voice,	not	her	mouth.	Josh	blushed,	one
hand	gently	and	unconsciously	touching	the	structure	coming	out	of	his	head.
“I’d	be	interested	in	getting	to	know	you,”	Josh	continued.	“But	you	don’t	get	to	send
four	 or	 five	 of	 yourselves.	 You	 don’t	 get	 to	 be	 everywhere.	 You	 live	 in	 Night	 Vale	 or
nowhere.	And	when	you’re	there,	it’s	all	of	you	or	none	of	you.”
Troy	opened	his	mouths.	He	closed	his	mouths.	He	looked,	with	sober	eyes	and	drunk
eyes,	around	at	himself.
“Lucinda,”	Jackie	said.
“Huh?”	he	said.
“My	 mother’s	 name	 is	 Lucinda,”	 Jackie	 said.	 She	 turned	 and	 limped	 away,	 having
nothing	left	to	say	or	any	desire	left	to	hear.
A	 few,	 but	 not	 all	 of	 the	 Troys,	 nodded	 knowingly	 at	 this.	 A	 few,	 but	 not	 all	 of	 the
Troys,	looked	at	their	shoes.
“Is	this	all	of	you?”	Diane	said.
“Most	of	us,”	the	Troys	said,	in	unison.
“Get	the	rest	of	you	together.	You’re	moving	home.	Now,	Troy	Walsh.”

Diane	followed	Jackie,	but	Josh	stayed,	watching	the	men,	all	of	them	gaping	at	him,
doing	nothing.	Then,	one	by	one,	they	went	back	into	the	bar.	The	especially	drunk	one
leaned	on	the	doorframe	and	held	his	son’s	stare	for	a	moment,	then	he	was	gone	too.
“I	don’t	think	he’s	coming,	Mom.”
Diane	 and	 Jackie	 just	 kept	 walking.	 There	 was	 nothing	 left	 to	 say.	 Either	 the	 right
thing	would	be	done	or	it	wouldn’t.
Josh	stayed	where	he	was,	watching	the	empty	outside	of	the	bar.	He	felt	like	crying,
but	 his	 current	 physical	 form	 wasn’t	 able	 to	 do	 that.	 He	 had	 thought	 for	 a	 moment	 that
things	 would	 be	 different,	 but	 they	 were	 the	 same.	 He	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 hooves	 for	 a
long	time,	trying	to	gather	himself	enough	to	give	up	and	leave.	He	brought	his	head	up	at
the	sound	of	a	door	opening.
The	drunk	Troy	was	back.	He	nodded	at	his	son.	And	the	Troys,	one	by	one,	came	out
of	the	bar,	a	slow,	staggering	army	of	them,	following	the	women	back	home.

49

Diane	and	Jackie	and	Josh	stood	near	Diane’s	burgundy	Ford	hatchback,	with	its	recently
crumpled	fender.
“Quick	question,”	Jackie	said.	“How	do	we	get	back	to	Night	Vale?”
“Huh,”	Diane	answered.	The	three	of	them	stood	for	a	moment,	staring	at	the	two	cars
and	the	pile	of	flamingos,	waiting	for	an	idea	to	come	to	them.	A	voice	from	behind	them
interrupted	their	thought.
“Hey,”	the	voice	said.	It	was	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.	“Troy	told	me	that	he’s	leaving
for	good.”
“I	don’t	care,”	Jackie	said.	“How	do	we	get	back?”
“That’s	what	I	was	coming	to	say,”	he	said.	“It	might	be	impossible.	I’m	sor——”
Jackie	punched	him.
The	man	in	the	tan	jacket	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase	fell	down	into	a	sitting	position
in	the	dirt,	but	said	nothing.	The	flies	did	nothing.
“I’ll	let	you	know	when	you’re	sorry	enough,”	she	said.
“It’s	not	my	fault,”	he	said.	“I	just	drive	to	where	I	think	Night	Vale	is,	and	sometimes
I	get	there.	Sometimes	I	don’t.	I	wish	I	could	tell	you—”
“Jackie,”	 Diane	 said,	 “Night	 Vale	 has	 a	 way	 of	 bringing	 home	 its	 own.	 I	 think	 we
could	drive	in	any	direction	and	still	get	home.	We	live	in	a	weird	place.”
“Man,	we	really	do.”
“It’s	superweird,”	said	Josh.
“The	best	kind	of	weird,”	said	Jackie.	She	waved	to	the	mayor,	who	was	still	sitting	in
the	dirt.	“See	ya.”
They	got	in	their	cars:	Diane	and	Josh	in	the	Ford,	Jackie	in	the	Mercedes.	They	would
drive	out	the	direction	they	had	come.	They	would	stay	together,	not	losing	sight	of	the
other	car.	They	would	keep	a	plastic	flamingo	and	a	cell	phone	in	each	car,	just	in	case.
Jackie	rolled	down	her	window	and	looked	down	at	the	man	in	the	tan	jacket.
“What’s	 the	 deal	 with	 the	 flies	 anyway?	 Why	 does	 a	 mayor	 have	 a	 briefcase	 full	 of
flies?”
“You	don’t	make	much	money	as	mayor	of	a	small	town.	I	have	to	have	a	full-time	job

to	make	ends	meet.”
“Fly	salesman,	huh?”
“Fly	salesman.”
“Makes	sense.”
Without	 breaking	 eye	 contact,	 Jackie	 gunned	 the	 engine	 until	 a	 fog	 of	 white	 smoke
enveloped	the	fenders.	There	was	a	sharp	squeal,	and	the	smoke	lifted	like	a	slow	curtain,
revealing	her	absence.

THE	VOICE	OF	NIGHT	VALE
CECIL:	…	City	Council	announced	today	that,	in	addition	to	history,	the	following	other
things	 are	 also	 “bunk”:	 memory,	 timepieces,	 walnuts,	 all	 hawks	 (obviously!),	 most
advanced	mathematics	(trigonometry	and	higher),	and	cats.	The	City	Council	clarified	that
they	are	not	announcing	this	to	anyone	in	particular,	and	that	if	anyone	in	particular	should
hear	this	announcement	they	can	do	with	it	what	they	will.	Although	they	added	that	the
only	legal	thing	to	do	with	it	is	to	forget	it.	Forget	it	immediately,	they	repeated,	swaying
together	and	moving	their	digits	around	in	a	“sparkle	fingers”–like	motion.
Before	 dismissing	 the	 press	 conference,	 the	 City	 Council,	 looking	 somewhat
emotionally	hurt,	said	that	it’s	a	nervous	tick—that	thing	with	their	fingers—and	that	they
wish	people	wouldn’t	make	fun	of	it	by	calling	it	“sparkle	fingers.”
Oh,	 bad	 news,	 listeners.	 Our	 newest	 intern,	 Sheila,	 fell	 into	 the	 pit	 that	 Carlos	 was
using	to	bury	the	dangerous	plastic	flamingos.	Rather	than	touching	one	and	reliving	her
life,	she	touched	hundreds	as	she	rolled	down	the	side	of	the	pit,	while	at	the	same	time
dying	not	from	the	length	of	her	fall	but	from	the	subsequent	change	in	velocity	at	the	end
of	it.	She	awoke	again	as	a	baby	in	hundreds	of	worlds	at	once,	all	of	the	infant	versions	of
herself	having	awareness	of	the	gaping	silence	that	was	her	one	true	dead	self.
To	the	family	and	friends	of	Intern	Sheila,	we	extend	our	greatest	condolences.	Know
that	 she	 was	 a	 good	 and	 hardworking	 intern,	 and	 that	 she	 died	 doing	 what	 she	 loved:
simultaneously	living	and	dying	in	infinite,	fractal	defiance	of	linear	time.
If	anyone	is	looking	for	college	credit	or	to	prepare	for	the	life-threatening	dangers	of
a	career	in	community	radio,	come	on	down	to	the	station.	If	one	of	the	intern	shirts	fits
you,	you’re	in.
The	Night	Vale	Council	for	Language	Management	would	like	to	remind	you	of	this
last	month’s	word	definition	changes.
Fork	now	means	a	momentary	feeling	of	evening	as	a	cl[BEEEEP]	passes	in	front	of
the	sun.
Loss	now	means	whatever	the	opposite	of	loss	is.
Migraine	now	means	a	large	scorpion	perched	on	the	back	of	a	person’s	neck	where
they	cannot	see	it	or	feel	it	and	would	have	no	idea	it	was	there	if	no	one	told	them.
And	 of	 course	 this	 week’s	 wild-card	 word	 is	 brood.	 For	 the	 next	 week,	 it	 means
anything	you	want	it	to	mean!	Which	is	very,	very	brood.
Remember	 that	 misuse	 of	 language	 can	 lead	 to	 miscommunication,	 and	 that

miscommunication	leads	to	everything	that	has	ever	happened	in	the	whole	of	the	world.
Larry	 Leroy,	 out	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 town,	 has	 announced	 that	 he	 has	 found	 many
wonderful	things	in	his	most	recent	sweep	of	the	desert.	A	metallic	sphere	that	fell	from
the	sky	and	whistles	softly	to	itself	as	though	bored.	A	double	of	himself	whom	he	had	not
seen	in	years,	and	whom	he	growled	at	until	the	double	ran	away.	A	number	of	plants,	all
exactly	where	they	were	before,	but	all	a	little	bit	different,	as	though	they	were	somehow
alive.	A	rock,	but	he	won’t	tell	us	where.	A	body	dressed	in	a	gray,	pin-striped	suit	lying
sprawled	on	a	dune.	A	new	way	of	breathing	that	he	says	gives	him	verve	and	spunk.	He
said	it	just	like	that,	punching	at	the	air	in	front	of	him.	“Verve	and	spunk,”	he	shouted.
“Verve	 and	 spunk.”	 He	 seemed	 to	 have	 gotten	 off	 track	 from	 his	 original	 plan	 of	 listing
what	 he	 had	 found	 in	 the	 desert,	 and	 ran	 off	 down	 the	 street,	 breathing	 with	 his	 new
method,	punching	the	air,	and	shouting,	“Verve	and	spunk!”	to	passersby.
That’s	it	from	me	for	now,	listeners.	But	something	in	me	says	that	this	is	no	ending.
The	night	outside	is	bright	and	breezy	and	full	of	dangerous	secrets.	There	is	a	taste	in	the
air	like	tarnished	silver,	like	the	flesh	of	an	extinct	animal	now	only	remembered	through
our	spinal	cord	and	the	hairs	on	our	back.
Something	 in	 me	 says	 that	 this	 is	 only	 the	 start.	 The	 moment	 after	 which	 all	 other
moments	will	come.	And	looking	back	at	the	point	we	are	at	now,	we	will	know	that	this
was	before,	and	that	all	of	our	nows	from	here	on	out	will	be	after.	This	is	the	only	way	we
know	time	works.
Stay	tuned	next	for	the	sound	of	a	creaking	spine	and	the	soft	collapse	of	paper	onto
itself.	And	as	always,	good	night,	Night	Vale.
Good	night.

50

Jackie	knocked	on	Lucinda’s	door.	Diane	answered.
“Come	on	in.	You	look	great.	How	are	you	feeling?”
Jackie	 pulled	 her	 close	 with	 her	 completely	 healed	 left	 arm	 and	 let	 the	 hug	 go	 long
past	what	is	casually	comfortable.
“I’m	glad	you’re	here,”	Jackie	said.
“Glad	you’re	here	too,”	said	Diane,	through	the	constriction	of	the	embrace.	It	seemed
that	Jackie	had	recovered	her	strength.
Lucinda	met	them	in	the	kitchen	and	gave	Jackie	a	kiss.
“It’s	always	wonderful	to	see	you,	dear.”
“You	too,	Mom.”
In	 the	 months	 since	 their	 cars	 had,	 only	 a	 few	 hours	 after	 leaving	 King	 City,	 rolled
across	 the	 Night	 Vale	 city	 line,	 Jackie	 had	 hired	 Diane	 as	 a	 part-time	 bookkeeper	 at	 the
pawnshop	while	she	continued	to	look	for	a	more	permanent	job.	This	had	allowed	Jackie
some	free	time	outside	of	work	and	given	her	someone	to	pass	the	time	with.
She	saw	every	day	what	an	active	mother	Diane	was	in	Josh’s	life,	talking	regularly	to
and	 about	 him,	 helping	 him	 with	 school	 and	 society,	 allowing	 him	 to	 be	 a	 child	 and	 to
become	 an	 adult,	 and	 this	 reminded	 Jackie	 to	 visit	 her	 own	 mother.	 Diane	 also	 often
literally	reminded	her.
“We	should	stop	by	and	visit	Lucinda,”	Diane	would	say	after	work.
Today	all	of	them	were	at	Lucinda’s	house	for	a	barbecue.	There	was	everything	you
needed	for	a	barbecue:	a	small	plastic	bucket	full	of	mud.	Everything.
“Happy	birthday,”	Diane	said	to	Jackie.	“Sounds	like	someone	has	decided	to	finally
grow	older.	How	old	are	you	now?”
“Twenty-one.	I	skipped	twenty.	Not	everyone	has	to	turn	twenty.	Don’t	know	when	I’ll
turn	twenty-two.	Maybe	in	a	few	years,	when	I’m	ready.	Is	Troy	coming?”
The	 Troys	 had	 settled	 in	 the	 barista	 district.	 It	 turned	 out	 that	 he	 was	 an	 excellent
barista,	just	as	he	had	been	excellent	at	everything	else	he	had	done.	Carlos	had	taken	to
issuing	each	Troy	a	pink	flamingo,	which	had	the	double	effect	of	removing	the	flamingos
from	Night	Vale	for	good	and	taking	each	Troy	out	of	his	current	reality	and	into	a	reality
of	 his	 own,	 where	 he	 could	 be	 a	 helpful	 and	 competent	 individual,	 rather	 than	 a	 helpful

and	competent	horde.	It	was	a	highly	scientific	solution,	and	Cecil	would	not	stop	talking
on	 the	 radio	 about	 how	 brilliant	 it	 was	 that	 Carlos	 had	 thought	 of	 it.	 “Nothing	 is	 more
attractive	that	someone	who	is	good	at	their	job,”	Cecil	often	said.
“Josh	invited	him,	but	honestly	I	think	even	he	doesn’t	really	want	his	father	to	come.
Speaking	of	which,	how	about	you	and	Troy?”
“There	is	no	me	and	Troy,”	said	Jackie.	“It’s	too	late	for	that.	Besides.	I	already	have	a
family.”
She	took	her	mother’s	arm.	Lucinda	laughed	and	patted	her	hand.
“That’s	nice	of	you,	dear,	but	I	don’t	mind	if	you	want	to	spend	a	little	time	with	Troy.
Not	for	him—I	could	care	less	about	him—but	you	might	get	something	out	of	it.”
“Have	you	remembered	any	of	your	childhood?”	asked	Diane.
Lucinda	let	go	of	her	daughter’s	hand.
“No,”	said	Jackie.	“We’re	working	on	it,	but	might	be	it’s	gone	for	good.”
“Even	if	we	don’t	have	the	then,	dear,	we	have	the	now,”	her	mother	said,	biting	into
one	of	the	wax	avocados,	as	she	always	did	when	trying	to	process	her	feelings.
“You	really	should	stop	eating	those,	Mom,”	Jackie	said.	“They’re	not	real.”
“‘Should’	and	‘will’	are	different	words,”	said	Lucinda,	taking	a	second	big	bite.
Jackie	shook	her	head	and	went	out	the	sliding	glass	door	into	the	backyard.	Josh	came
barreling	into	her.
“Jackie!”
He	was	small,	and	round,	with	broad,	feathered	wings	and	wide	green	eyes.
“Looking	good,”	said	Jackie.	“Have	you	ever	tried	flying	with	those?”
“No,”	he	said,	flapping	self-consciously.	“I	wouldn’t	know	how.”
“You’ve	flown	as	a	housefly	before.”
“That’s	different.	I	don’t	go	high	or	far	at	all.	I	wouldn’t	know	how	to	fly	with	wings
this	big.”
“You	won’t	know	until	you	try,	man.”
“Can	 I	 help	 you	 at	 the	 pawnshop	 sometime?	 I’ve	 never	 had	 a	 job.	 It	 sounds	 kind	 of
awful	and	kind	of	fun.”
“It’s	exactly	both,”	she	said.	“Tell	you	what.	If	you	can	fly	higher	than	the	roof,	I’ll	let
you	do	a	shift	with	me	tomorrow.”
Josh	 grinned	 nervously,	 but	 first	 he	 turned	 to	 Diane,	 who	 was	 watching	 the
conversation	unfold	with	something	less	than	enthusiasm.
“Is	it	okay,	Mom?”
“It’s	okay,	Josh,”	she	said,	not	sure	if	it	was	okay.	She	hid	her	anxiety	behind	smiling

eyes.
I’ll	always	be	a	mother,	she	thought,	but	I’ll	always	be	a	lot	of	things.	I	wonder	what
the	next	of	those	things	will	be?
Josh	looked	back	at	Jackie,	who	nodded	and	gave	him	a	thumbs-up	with	her	empty	left
hand,	and	then	he	looked	up	at	the	sky.	His	wings	worked	and	his	body	slowly	lifted	off
the	grass.
“Please	try	not	to	hit	any	windows,	dear,”	said	Lucinda	from	her	lawn	chair.
“Just	be	careful	please,”	said	Diane.
Josh	 banked	 around	 experimentally.	 He	 was	 a	 little	 lower	 than	 the	 rooftop.	 Diane
watched	him,	one	hand	over	her	eyes,	one	over	her	heart.
“Watch	your	head,”	she	said,	but	to	remind	him	of	something	he	already	knew,	not	to
tell	him	something	he	didn’t.
Jackie	 gave	 him	 another	 thumbs-up,	 and	 he	 returned	 it	 to	 her.	 He	 tried	 a	 loop,	 and
managed	a	wavering	somersault	instead.
Troy	watched	all	this,	sitting	in	his	car	just	outside	the	house.	He	had	both	hands	on
the	 wheel	 and	 he	 was	 smiling.	 It	 was	 definitely	 a	 smile.	 He	 had	 been	 sitting	 there	 for	 a
couple	 minutes	 trying	 to	 make	 a	 decision.	 As	 he	 watched	 Josh,	 he	 thought	 about	 what
Jackie	had	said	about	helpfulness,	and	what	Diane	had	said	about	his	role	in	their	lives,
and	he	made	a	decision.
From	 where	 he	 was	 flying,	 Josh	 could	 see	 the	 other	 red-tiled	 rooftops	 of	 Sand	 Pit,
between	the	identical	rooftops	of	Palm	Frond	Majesty	and	the	Weeping	Miner,	and	other
housing	developments	with	elaborate	names	and	houses	failing	to	live	up	to	them,	and	just
down	the	way	the	strip	mall	with	Big	Rico’s	Pizza	and	Carlos’s	lab,	and	beyond	that	City
Hall,	draped	in	black	velvet	for	the	night,	and	a	young	woman	walking	to	her	car,	Mayor
Cardinal,	yes,	but	also	Dana	again	for	the	night,	going	to	meet	her	recently	cured	brother
for	a	celebratory	dinner	at	Tourniquet,	and	beyond	that	the	tall	black	walls	of	the	forbidden
Dog	 Park,	 and,	 in	 the	 parking	 lot	 of	 the	 Desert	 Flower	 Bowling	 Alley	 and	 Arcade	 Fun
Complex,	Cecil	from	the	radio	station	and	Carlos	the	scientist	with	bowling	bags	in	one
hand	and	the	other’s	hand	in	the	other,	strolling	inside	for	League	Night,	a	kiss	before	they
opened	the	door	and	then	they	were	gone,	and	beyond	that	the	Moonlite	All-Nite	Diner,
which,	true	to	its	name,	was	as	busy	then	as	it	was	at	any	other	hour,	with	Laura	offering
fruit	 from	 the	 gnarled	 branches	 of	 her	 body	 and	 Steve	 Carlsberg	 digging	 heartily	 into	 a
slice	 of	 invisible	 pie,	 and	 beyond	 that	 Diane’s	 old	 office,	 full	 of	 computers	 and	 tables
where	 work	 could	 be	 done	 although	 no	 one	 knew	 why	 they	 did	 it,	 where	 Catharine	 had
stayed	late	to	finish	up	some	work	at	a	desk	which	was	tarantula-free,	although	she	still
flinched	at	imagined	light	touches	on	her	hand,	and	beyond	that	the	low	bulk	of	the	public
library,	 outwardly	 quiet,	 quietly	 seething	 with	 librarians,	 and	 near	 that	 his	 own	 house,
which	 was	 just	 now	 thinking	 of	 him,	 and	 where	 a	 faceless	 old	 woman	 was	 secretly
refolding	all	of	his	clothes,	and	beyond	that	the	Night	Vale	Daily	Journal	building,	whose
sole	occupant	was	considering	a	wall	of	hatchets,	ready	to	get	down	to	the	bloody	business

of	local	journalism,	and	beyond	that	the	movie	theater,	its	blinking	lights	showing	through
the	sentient	haze	of	Stacy	as	she	prepped	the	box	office	for	the	midnight	movie	audiences,
silent	customers	who	fade	into	being	in	their	seats	at	exactly	midnight,	watching	movies
that	 play	 on	 the	 screen	 even	 with	 the	 projector	 shut	 off,	 before	 fading	 back	 away	 into
nothing	without	even	waiting	for	the	ending	credits	to	finish,	and	beyond	that	the	hole	in
the	vacant	lot	out	back	of	the	Ralphs,	and	the	Ralphs	itself,	offering	fresh	food	and	low,
low	prices,	although	never	at	the	same	time,	and	beyond	that	Old	Woman	Josie	outside	her
house,	 no	 paper	 in	 her	 hand,	 and	 Erika,	 and	 Erika,	 and	 Erika	 as	 well,	 all	 outside	 in	 the
garden,	and	the	tower	of	Night	Vale	Community	Radio,	blinking	light	atop,	and	Jackie’s
Pawn	 Shop,	 formerly	 Lucinda’s	 Pawn	 Shop,	 a	 place	 that	 was	 just	 then	 closed,	 that	 was
now	 closed	 more	 often	 than	 it	 wasn’t	 because	 its	 owner	 wanted	 to	 be	 somewhere	 else
sometimes,	 and	 the	 windows	 of	 the	 hospital,	 doctors	 flitting	 from	 one	 to	 the	 next	 in	 an
unexplained	instant,	and	the	car	lot	where	used	car	salesmen	loped	joyfully	over	their	carstrewn	territory,	barking	at	a	moon	that	they	did	not	understand	but	then	no	one	else	did
really,	and	the	Brown	Stone	Spire,	ancient	and	humming	a	malevolent	tone,	and	a	cordon
of	 helpful	 helicopters	 keeping	 everyone	 free,	 and	 out	 past	 all	 of	 that	 the	 sand,	 a	 small
eternity	 of	 sand,	 desert	 like	 there	 would	 never	 be	 anything	 else,	 and	 beyond	 that,
eventually,	 something	 else,	 because	 there	 is	 always	 something	 else,	 and	 King	 City,	 no
longer	forgotten,	an	ordinary	town,	with	an	ordinary	mayor,	who	was	just	then	taking	off
his	jacket,	a	man	in	a	short-sleeve	shirt	holding	a	deerskin	suitcase,	and	stepping	into	his
house	where	a	family	greeted	him	with	his	correct	name	at	last,	and	beyond	it	and	around
it	 all	 other	 ordinary	 towns,	 and	 all	 ordinary	 people,	 who	 were	 sleeping	 or	 not	 sleeping,
who	 were	 metaphorically	 or	 literally	 alive,	 or	 metaphorically	 or	 literally	 not,	 gone	 but
alive	in	our	hearts,	or	gone	and	forgotten,	all	existing	somewhere	on	a	spectrum	of	loss,
and	beyond	them	and	around	them	the	oceans	and	forests,	momentarily	teeming	with	life
before	the	great	planetary	hush,	and	out	beyond	that	a	sky	that	was	coming	around	slowly
to	 the	 idea	 of	 sunset,	 or	 was,	 somewhere	 else,	 just	 having	 the	 first	 thought	 of	 day,	 and
beyond	that	the	wavering	red	lights	of	spy	satellites,	watching,	and	the	steady	blue	lights
of	unidentified	spacecraft,	watching,	and	the	white	light	of	what	we	mistakenly	assume	is
the	 moon,	 watching,	 and	 beyond	 that	 void,	 and	 void	 after	 that,	 void	 on	 and	 on,	 with	 a
scattered	vanishing	of	non-void	mixed	in,	and	beyond	that	so	many	mysteries	that	it	didn’t
seem	to	Josh	that	he	would	be	able	to	solve	even	one	of	them,	not	if	he	had	all	the	time	in
the	world,	and	he	didn’t	have	all	the	time	in	the	world,	and	he	would	never	solve	even	one
mystery.
He	looked	down,	past	a	rooftop	which	was	way	below	him	now,	at	Diane,	who	was
laughing,	with	her	arm	around	Jackie,	who	was	laughing,	hand	in	hand	with	Lucinda,	who
was	laughing.
“Wow,”	he	said.	“I’m	higher	up	than	I	thought.”
“Nah,	man,”	Jackie	said.	“You	can	go	way	higher	than	that.”

HOW	TO	LISTEN	TO	THE	WELCOME	TO	NIGHT
VALE	PODCAST

This	is	the	end	of	the	book.	Either	you	finished	the	book,	or	you	flipped	right	ahead	to	the
ending	pages	to	see	what	they	say.	Listen,	we’re	not	here	to	tell	you	how	to	read	this	book.
If	you	enjoyed	this	novel,	we	recommend	you	join	us	in	our	ongoing	Welcome	to	Night
Vale	podcast,	which	has	been	telling	stories	about	this	strange	desert	town	since	2012.
Our	 podcast	 comes	 out	 twice	 monthly	 online	 and	 is	 completely	 free.	 You	 can
download	 it	 to	 your	 computer	 or	 listening	 device	 through	 iTunes,	 Stitcher,	 Podbay.fm,
Soundcloud,	 any	 of	 the	 hundreds	 of	 free	 podcasting	 apps,	 or	 by	 going	 to
welcometonightvale.com.	You	can	also	stream	all	of	our	episodes	at	our	YouTube	channel
(youtube.com/welcometonightvale),and	 even	 watch	 some	 bonus	 behind-the-scenes
footage	of	the	Welcome	to	Night	Vale	cast.
All	of	the	episodes	going	back	to	the	very	start	are	available	to	download	right	now.	Or
if	 that	 sounds	 like	 too	 much	 time	 investment,	 just	 hop	 right	 in	 wherever	 we	 are	 now.
You’ll	be	in	the	swing	of	things	in	no	time.	Well,	some	time.	It	will	take	longer	than	zero
time.
We	also	regularly	do	live	shows	all	over	the	world	(more	than	one	hundred	shows	in
eleven	different	countries	at	the	time	of	this	writing).	These	live	shows	are	full	evenings	of
Night	Vale	storytelling,	with	live	music	and	guest	stars,	designed	so	that	you	do	not	need
to	know	anything	about	the	podcast	to	enjoy.
Keep	 an	 eye	 on	 welcometonightvale.com	 to	 join	 us	 next	 time	 we	 pass	 through
wherever	you	live.	(Wherever	you	live	is	our	favorite	place	to	perform.)
See	you	there.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

The	Welcome	to	Night	Vale	podcast	began	in	2012	as	a	project	between	friends.	Almost
four	years	later,	it’s	still	a	project	between	friends,	although	on	a	much	bigger	scale	and
with	more	friends	involved.
Thanks	to	the	cast	and	crew	of	Welcome	to	Night	Vale:	Meg	Bashwiner,	Jon	Bernstein,
Marisa	 Blankier,	 Desiree	 Burch,	 Nathalie	 Candel,	 Kevin	 R.	 Free,	 Mark	 Gagliardi,	 Marc
Evan	 Jackson,	 Maureen	 Johnson,	 Kate	 Jones,	 Erica	 Livingston,	 Christopher	 Loar,	 Hal
Lublin,	Dylan	Marron,	Jasika	Nicole,	Lauren	O’Niell,	Flor	De	Liz	Perez,	Jackson	Publick,
Molly	Quinn,	Retta,	Symphony	Sanders,	Annie	Savage,	Lauren	Sharpe,	James	Urbaniak,
Bettina	 Warshaw,	 Wil	 Wheaton,	 Mara	 Wilson,	 and,	 of	 course,	 the	 voice	 of	 Night	 Vale
himself,	Cecil	Baldwin.
Also	and	always:	Jillian	Sweeney,	Kathy	Fink,	Ellen	Flood,	Leann	Sweeney,	Jack	and
Lydia	 Bashwiner,	 Carolyn	 Cranor,	 Rob	 Wilson,	 Kate	 Leth,	 Jessica	 Hayworth,	 Soren
Melville,	 Holly	 and	 Jeffrey	 Rowland,	 Zack	 Parsons,	 Ashley	 Lierman,	 Russel	 Swensen,
Glen	 David	 Gold,	 Marta	 Rainer,	 Andrew	 Morgan,	 Eleanor	 McGuinness,	 John	 Green,
Hank	 Green,	 Andrew	 WK,	 John	 Darnielle,	 Dessa	 Darling,	 Aby	 Wolf,	 Jason	 Webley,
Danny	 Schmidt,	 Carrie	 Elkin,	 Eliza	 Rickman,	 Mary	 Epworth,	 Will	 Twynham,	 Gabriel
Royal,	The	New	York	Neo-Futurists,	Freesound.org,	Mike	Mushkin,	Ben	Acker	and	Ben
Blacker	of	The	Thrilling	Adventure	Hour,	the	Booksmith	in	San	Francisco,	Mark	Flanagan
and	Largo	at	the	Coronet,	and,	of	course,	the	delightful	Night	Vale	fans.
Our	agent	Jodi	Reamer,	our	editor	Maya	Ziv,	and	all	the	folks	at	Harper	Perennial	for
making	this	book	happen.
And	finally,	Ron	Fink,	who	taught	Joseph	almost	everything	he	knows	about	being	a
working	artist.

ABOUT	THE	AUTHORS

JOSEPH	 FINK	 created	 and	 cowrites	 the	 Welcome	 to	 Night	 Vale	 podcast.	 He	 is	 from
California	but	doesn’t	live	there	anymore.
JEFFREY	 CRANOR	 cowrites	 the	 Welcome	 to	 Night	 Vale	 podcast.	 He	 also	 cocreates
theater	and	dance	pieces	with	choreographer/wife	Jillian	Sweeney.	They	live	in	New	York.
Discover	great	authors,	exclusive	offers,	and	more	at	hc.com.

PRAISE	FOR	WELCOME	TO	NIGHT	VALE

“Emotionally	compelling	and	superbly	realized.	This	seductive,	hilarious	book	unfolds	at
the	 moment	 when	 certain	 quiet	 responsible	 people	 find	 they	 must	 risk	 everything	 on
behalf	of	love,	hope,	and	understanding.	Not	a	single	person	who	reads	this	book	will	be
disappointed.”
—	Deb	Olin	Unferth,	author	of	Revolution	and	Vacation
“Welcome	to	Night	Vale	brings	its	eponymous	desert	town	to	vivid	life.	Those	of	us	who
have	 gotten	 to	 know	 Night	 Vale	 through	 Cecil	 Palmer’s	 biweekly	 radio	 broadcasts	 can
finally	see	what	it’s	like	to	actually	live	there.	It	is	as	weird	and	surreal	as	I	hoped	it	would
be,	and	a	surprisingly	existential	meditation	on	the	nature	of	time,	reality,	and	the	Glow
Cloud	that	watches	over	us.	ALL	HAIL	THE	GLOW	CLOUD.”
—	Wil	Wheaton
“All	hail	the	Glow	Cloud	as	the	weird	and	wonderful	town	of	Night	Vale	brings	itself	to
fine	 literature.	 Creators	 Fink	 and	 Cranor	 offer	 fans	 of	 their	 (oc)cult	 podcast	 Welcome	to
Night	Vale	a	fantastic	addition	with	a	stand-alone	tale	of	the	mysterious	desert	town	that
also	 offers	 loyal	 listeners	 some	 interesting	 clues	 about	 the	 nature	 of	 the	 place…	 .	 The
novel	is	definitely	as	addictive	as	its	source	material.”
—	Kirkus	Reviews	(starred	review)
“Take	 Conan’s	 Hyboria,	 teleport	 it	 to	 the	 American	 Southwest,	 dress	 all	 the	 warriors	 in
business	 casual	 and	 hide	 their	 swords	 under	 the	 floorboards—that’s	 Night	 Vale:	 absurd,
magical,	wholly	engrossing,	and	always	harboring	some	hidden	menace.”
—	John	Darnielle,	author	of	Wolf	in	White	Van
“I’ve	 been	 a	 fan	 of	 Welcome	 to	 Night	 Vale	 for	 years,	 and	 in	 that	 time	 writers	 Jeffrey
Cranor	and	Joseph	Fink	have	delighted	me	with	stories	that	are	clever,	twisted,	beautiful,
strange,	 wonderful,	 and	 sweet.	 This	 book	 does	 all	 of	 that	 and	 so	 much	 more.	 It’s	 even
better	than	I’d	hoped.	I	think	this	might	be	the	best	book	I’ve	read	in	years.”
—	Patrick	Rothfuss,	author	of	The	Name	of	the	Wind
“This	 is	 the	 novel	 of	 your	 dreams,	 a	 hypnotic	 travelogue	 that	 shimmers	 and	 changes	 as
you	read.	A	friendly	(but	terrifying)	and	comic	(but	dark)	and	glittering	(but	bleak)	story
of	 misfit	 family	 life	 that	 unfolds	 along	 the	 side	 streets,	 back	 alleys,	 and	 spring-loaded
trapdoors	of	the	small	town	home	you’ll	realize	you’ve	always	missed	living	in.	When	it
says	‘welcome,’	it’s	mandatory.	You	belong	here.”

—	Glen	David	Gold,	author	of	Carter	Beats	the	Devil	and	Sunnyside
“This	 small	 town	 full	 of	 hooded	 figures,	 glowing	 clouds,	 cryptically	 terrifying	 public
policies,	and	flickering	realities	quickly	feels	more	like	home	than	home.	You	will	want	to
live	in	Night	Vale,	even	if	that	means	you	might	be	taken	off	in	an	unmarked	helicopter	or
cross	 into	 a	 parallel	 universe	 by	 accident.	 There	 is	 nothing	 like	 Night	 Vale,	 in	 the	 best
possible	way.”
—	Maureen	Johnson,	author	of	13	Little	Blue	Envelopes	and	The	Name	of	the	Star
“They’ve	 done	 the	 unthinkable:	 merged	 the	 high	 weirdness	 and	 intense	 drama	 of	 Night
Vale	to	the	pages	of	a	novel	that	is	even	weirder,	even	more	intense	than	the	podcast.”
—	Cory	Doctorow,	author	of	Little	Brother	and	coeditor	of	Boing	Boing

COPYRIGHT

WELCOME	TO	NIGHT	VALE.	Copyright	©	2015	by	Joseph	Fink	and	Jeffrey	Cranor.	All	rights	reserved	under	International

and	Pan-American	Copyright	Conventions.	By	payment	of	the	required	fees,	you	have	been	granted	the	nonexclusive,
nontransferable	 right	 to	 access	 and	 read	 the	 text	 of	 this	 e-book	 on-screen.	 No	 part	 of	 this	 text	 may	 be	 reproduced,
transmitted,	 downloaded,	 decompiled,	 reverse-engineered,	 or	 stored	 in	 or	 introduced	 into	 any	 information	 storage	 and
retrieval	 system,	 in	 any	 form	 or	 by	 any	 means,	 whether	 electronic	 or	 mechanical,	 now	 known	 or	 hereafter	 invented,
without	the	express	written	permission	of	HarperCollins	e-books.
Title	page	illustration	by	Rob	Wilson
ISBN	978-0-06-235142-5
EPub	Edition	October	2015	ISBN	9780062351449
15		16		17		18		19				OV/RRD				10		9		8		7		6		5		4		3		2		1

ABOUT	THE	PUBLISHER

Australia
HarperCollins	Publishers	Australia	Pty.	Ltd.
Level	13,	201	Elizabeth	Street
Sydney,	NSW	2000,	Australia
www.harpercollins.com.au
Canada
HarperCollins	Canada
2	Bloor	Street	East	-	20th	Floor
Toronto,	ON	M4W	1A8,	Canada
www.harpercollins.ca
New	Zealand
HarperCollins	Publishers	New	Zealand
Unit	D1,	63	Apollo	Drive
Rosedale	0632
Auckland,	New	Zealand
www.harpercollins.co.nz
United	Kingdom
HarperCollins	Publishers	Ltd.
1	London	Bridge	Street
London	SE1	9GF,	UK
www.harpercollins.co.uk
United	States
HarperCollins	Publishers	Inc.
195	Broadway
New	York,	NY	10007

www.harpercollins.com

