This man is a 2yearold amateur in theft and robbery. "I'll step to dance with few bar girls here to my ease and fill my thirst with little le champagne, some macroni and two buckets grilled chicken sauced with soya and a few desserts." tells BC Balanna. Balanna plans to know the layout. The reading lamp lit the table like a beacon and bright up to narrow edge on a 2 square feet table. But his room had broken mirror pieces on walls that made a light fold thousand times giving his room a starry night. After about 20 minutes of his scheme layout. "A bouffant rubbery shoe sole, a blackpurple stripped vnecked plain fabric texture tshirt and zipped stretching pant makes me comfortable for game" tells Balanna. Ever had he written a fulllength strategy and capped his pen! 2 I'm a Liar "But how do I squeeze time?" says Balanna. A knock on wood, sounds of fastening the door and interlacing the metal rods for better tightness popped out through windows of lateral side windows near stairs. This broke his silence. Suddenly he hurried to see the letter. "Squirting initially, Running a slow race. People here tenterhook the doors and windows, To get rid of, local protest of agitations. I had no time to protect my owner now!" -Balanna Coming back with noisy buzz, he gripped tight to not slip and locked doors leaving everything going. Getting onto his racer bike and alike the royal style Kicks off the pedal to hit on roads. With fullblown zeal to enter, he speeds at dead throttle Uncontrollably and hitting at 100 was too thrilling to his boiling madness. Suddenly, a humming dulcet sound of horn comes out of the BMW's sound box. Balanna jolted by this tries to make up with their speed. However, his motor exhausts the fuel to nearing empty and his bike starts jerking too much to stop. Balanna thinks "shit you make the same way all the time I'm caught in focus!" "I was caught totally inside him. He is born to the purple and wealth. To enjoy this scion inheritance of prestige and caliber, he was too fortunate. If I would be him, then it was more of discussing on the foreign coast countries. I am in pool and paradise. Ahhhhhh... I'm carried away." Introduction 3 A simple style entry by balanna had not made him herculean. People hang out to their privacy. A wide opened gates gave many heads to pour in. it was a free pass. As time grew too late, night people multiplied into mass to this amusement. Chasing scene Badri= "I will make a classic stunt mastery, " says to himself Ananda murthy thinks, "If I won't come then he his writing his own fate!" Badri= "you cheat! Are not you the one who stole his ******'p» Badri gives him a punching blow on his cheeky face. Ananda= "oh my gosh this is madness", "you think my blood is tasty?", "I'm a vegetarian!" "Perhaps you must think the same" Badri= "why are flushing too much" and finds him thrown into anxiety. Ananda= "you are asking sword after murder!" Badri= "do you think I'll still make you count the bars?" Badri gives another blow on to his face and abdomen ananda falls halfstood bending forwards to this uncontrollable pain he survives falling down. Badri watched rochaiah disappearing beyond his sight and escaped his bushes. Meanwhile, Prakasha calls vijay who stayed hours together in long queue to get tickets to the cricket match as two tight team lock horns at 1 9:00 hours. Prakasha= "find me asap". "I lost my ****** in here!" Vijay= "I'm bored to hear this red herring stories." 4 I'm a Liar "We will deal it later", "anyway I got the tickets, let's make it today. Bye" I had a facemask and a football sunken. Using this football, I can escape. I kicked it from 50 meters to top of stadium roof, and ran away from the glare of lights. After such tiring painful run, I was only left to stop and first rest. I was at the intersection now. I now have nerves of steel! I was greedy to breathe. I think I bought jinx to Prakasha Getting over to the rooftop would be risky and toilsome. Badri made it to the top of roof and got into the camera's eyes and suddenly in the gap of runup of bowler, people saw him with this football. This alerts POLICE OFFICER and gaurav. As the police, officials covered up the whole stadium for security and especially crowded into tight security blanket at the stadium. He was asked to get down and the POLICE OFFICER who came chasing alone with ananda murthy identified the ball is containing ******. The cops confiscated the item. Prakasha who had informed his dad over telephonic conversation. The cop's move was interrupted by a phone call Shivanna= "hello" Cop= "who is this?" Shivanna= "remember your old Poe huh?, isn't it too early to forget me?" with his high pitched voice. Introduction 5 Cop= "you are not too good to be forgetting." Shivanna= "this call will make you a last person to tie handcuffs onto my son's hands!", "better pardon him off" he spoke with his raucous voice. Cop= "you are made fool", "Not bad" says to his officers. Shivanna= "if you handcuff anyone in this robbery business, just think your bobby business is lasting today." Cop, to his shock and anxiety, pardoned them. As I squirted to the scene. Prakasha told me "don't worry my friend no one is arrested but, I'm sure you too the first person to pack this way." I came with stoned face as I passed his ball with a open cover of ****** in my hand. A feeling of blue on my eyes. I recalled to the best of my memory, a big block muscled car trying to overshoot me got into my permit by a distinctive humming rumbling sound horn. I heard people inside discuss about something too fuzzy. This caught my curious ears from a meter to an arm's length. Trying to silence little more I switched off my engine as it jerked too much and he had passed a furlong far from me as my bike stopped. The rumbling sound horn decreased as fast as his speed. When I entered the space, I noticed far in the backyard POLICE OFFICER taking positions like black cats and they wore dress to camouflage the eyes. I searched gaps to break this jinx. As I squeezed thin through illusions to get towards the tent "this street is murky and has forgotten sunshine." To my surprise as Prakasha came outside with his family his car to which I was tamed, shined its cool led 6 I'm a Liar bright lights and loomed to bring back shine to this dusky street. I thought "this is the best time to hit two boats" and in a split second I pulled his ****** to my pocket and ran to death speed clinched it after this smooth over shoot. Badri noticed me doing this and by the time he started I had gained my grip to speed hard. Badri had misled by giving a punch onto Ananda's face getting him at over again he hit him to halfstruck. Badri discovers me at the end of light's shadow and over to the precursory. At the end, ROCHAIAH remembers what GAURAV had told them before competition began. Next day, 29 th June, 2015 M.Shivanna rushed in hurried style with wife and daughter to lodge a missing complaint. 2 days later, 1 st July, 2015 These four friends before starting to no network zone clicked photos. Shivanna is known for his tricky farout ways, the POLICE OFFICER lodged the complaint but zooming in to case, cops found they had posted photos to Prakasha's facebook account wall. The Missing Complaint 7 The Missing Complaint After 20 years, SHIVANNA rushes in his helicopter land on his own helipad, and runs towards the police station. His grounds men had to rush along with him from pillar to doors. Humming distinctive sound horn had just introduced his new car into POLICE OFFICER'S sight, which was unaware of the missing complaint. This man (SHIVANNA) loomed at him in his signature style with a high tucked tie, in his highfalutin fashion catching those blue eyes onto him. He was more than just a land rover! It was in POLICE OFFICER'S hands to make this red eyed man cut & dried. The businessperson, however started in his British accent, POLICE OFFICER brought him back with his vernacular vocabulary. SHIVANNA= "what's your eye about this?" holding his copy of case file in hand. POLICE OFFICER= "I'd definitely not mind it again!" SHIVANNA= "You are wanting to buy me a Porsche car for this?" POLICE OFFICER= "aiming to confirm my spot in millionaire club this time!" 8 I'm a Liar SHIVANNA= "instead of this emolument..." POLICE OFFICER= "you make me fullest and get it going handinhand until I'm transferred" This POLICE OFFICER breaded his leisure class to become posh. Angry SFIIVANNA tells, "You are a covetous goon! Doing these villainous and unjust jobs on my case will get you Tophet!" POLICE OFFICER= "I'd rather pushed you beside bars and you are still enough about it!" SHIVANNA suddenly phones a call to his superior officer and shouts to blabber making whole station noisy. Conversion with the newly appointed officer who always had that mark of being a legal bracketed person, calls on to solve this 20 year old mystery. This man starts getting diligent and meticulous as he discovers the old case file and learnt that unfound evidences are hidden! As soon as he could make gothrough, the police officer stops speaking a convincing word. He decides to interrogate him. However, he was surprised by SHIVANNA's entry. His standards had no flaws and no comparison. "Not same, but similar Not personality, but persona Not wealth, but prestige Not culture, but blooming tradition Shocking, but too surprising" describes Santosh. This was first case of its own kind! The Missing Complaint 9 SANTOSH= "make yourself comfortable Mr.SHIVANNA!" SHIVANNA= "I'd rather not met you without my recompense to you." SANTOSH= "You better stick to the case matters and I'll decode the rest!" SHIVANNA was too tight in his voice as he could make out a no unruly behavior like his substitutes. SHIVANNA= "I feel sad to bad circumstances in my life!" SHIVANNA says, "I'm sure that I would bore you to sleep!" SANTOSH= "I can make you sunken, can't I?" SHIVANNA narrates the whole story and about its onego. SANTOSH's power of questioning had broken any concealment. SANTOSH= "I would better handled this case much earlier, but, at the same time I forward this to my successor following my transfer which is a card game" SHIVANNA= "you are my burden" SANTOSH= "every time I come to station I approached and found nothing, your mistake and a blunder made you pay to my substitutes. So, no reward with halffilled satisfaction. You had survived with those until now. But, there is an end!" Ultimately, SANTOSH put his last words, "No matter which officer, your case is still closed!" SHIVANNA said with anger, "From a bigmuscled to 10 I'm a Liar a golddigger, you are only money loaded to speak! But, only till here and only till I pay you an open secret!" SHIVANNA walks off out and outer as his radiant car did a around turn making his mind whirling along with it! SHIVANNA breaks down and loses confidence as he returned home in a state of depression that he could not see himself through! A grey cloud strikes his mind and made black out of his day. His steelnerved enthusiasm to find any improvement in the case had just caught a skydarkening aura! He collapsed at his knees. His men and his spiritless assets stayed unedited. After he arrived home, his sorrowful sunken small brown eyes could not recognize vivid brightness of his listless objects around him. SHIVANNA= "I'm sorry my dear, I failed to get it done", he said to his wife. The wife watched the driver in the back case as her husband walks cutting a sorry figure. MOTHER (wife) = "What have you been doing?" NAYAK= "ma'am, what has happened was true!" The living home had witnessed a disappointment, which never they had it anytime before! Hearing to this sister, who was busy at drawing, was dropped into round swollen face with sallow skin as she looks at her father whom they had found nothing since 20 years. They were helpless and had to regard him dead! SHIVANNA had loved the son (PRAKASHA) more The Missing Complaint 11 than his own wife and life. Those spills of son's childhood strike at his face and walks near his room and felt for his presence when he vibrated soon after stepping into the room, but he could not believe in it. SHIVANNA= "time has come forward to decide on him" MOTHER= "I feel he is not dead, but, he is still alive with harmony" SISTER= "We had better checked every pin hole and find clues for his disappearance." MOTHER^ "We will pay our worship to kasha once." SHIVANNA= "The only last option!" SHIVANNA= "The calendars are torn daily and I developed wrinkles on face losing my flexibility. I still remember son telling me that he wanted to become an engineer." MOTHER= "I want him safely! I feel for him", mother was pale, "without him my nerves will only depress me! In spite of this I can't afford to make a decision over his life." SISTER= calms down both of them and decide to move towards kashi. With their emotional deresourced behavior, the spiritless less objects, which they had loved, had glows brightest to fill hope in them. In fact, it was the brightest as one could make out this house even in beam of lights! 12 I'm a Liar Postal Worker's Delight I - or the postmaster who was bored delivering letters to same house all the time, he was out of the world and turned his boredom bicycle towards this socalled piggy bank, which looked broken from outside but the owner tenterhook at the doors and windows as always but yellowed by time. This house outlasted people but had its blood in veins! It looked like a loaf of bread taken out of oven too early! The POSTAL WORKER had heard to people cracking fun about this house. But, hadn't they forgot what he had done for which he's like this now! It always looked stoned and murkygrey. But a known secret was known to this POSTAL WORKER. He demanded money for the menaces. Early in the morning at peaky nine hours, POSTAL WORKER came with his old style to a new address. Sounding his jingling cycle bell, close to his house gate in scarce grassy lawn, BALAN was too disturbed by POSTAL WORKER'S extortion and deafened his ears to his sound that was carried away by breeze in the early morning dawn. POSTAL WORKER^ "I'm surprised, not to give you this letter, but to the addressing person!", "the addressing Postal Worker's Delight 13 is in defense and addressee is in offence!" he said and kept it on the doorsteps. He walked out speaking at himself "god has to come and say his time and place!" BALAN= "To digest his fiesta he needs one week and had he come to do piss off and ask me to do something for it?" By the time BALAN wakes up he departs talking at him. Postal worker^ "Post hails from defense address." BALAN= "rocked again to his face at the window" He showed a chiseled face as BALAN "what extra do I need to feed him to satiety? I made his mouth shut to not reveal about the stolen Iphone." BALAN opens the door looking for POSTAL WORKER and finds a post addressed to BALAIAH 'from the Office of Major General, Indian Army, Gorkha Regiment, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India', looked like an official writing cover head. Having in it was a two laminar clothed cover and punched as secret. Ultimately, it was from the Major General's office. Immediately, after reading this two page 150lettered post, he rushed to prepare a fresh proud prestigious calibrating look. The hot water bath added him pristine. His respect, loyalty, humble nature that he had found out in his naughty childhood days remembered him for this. He just could not feel more than pride and proud for his son! 14 I'm a Liar At one moment, even those four broken wall of his house had a life to livein. BALAN plans to get into the M.SHIVANNA's house to meet his son. BALAN started to play his cards; he opened a petty shop just in the corner of compound wall. He tries to know himself with other shop partners and gather information about the lavish deeppocketed family. As time grew older, from stem to stern it was too harder to squeeze into his house somehow! Discovering notions for sake of occupying place inside by extremism was too not fair. But, almighty caught his hands on this day when he learnt, NAYAK had planned to steal the golden sword gifted to M.P.PRAKASHA. On the lights of family's grief at peak, NAYAK had gripped a robbery and had planned strategies to make his plan passable. BALAN caught him tiedup redhand to the head, M.SHIVANNA. To this effect, BALAN grabbed the job and hacked theftbusiness in his court. In the days of being a petty shop owner, I could discover this culturally polished family had lost a younger & only son. It was 20 years now, that they had no clues about him! All these matched with the facts of his son and would definitely aid discovering his son too! Sacrificing 20 years without him had thrown the house in dullness and dimming. Linking these circumstances, I clinched this route to make my way easier. As soon as a pamphlet was hanged, applications were only from my side! Astonishing to their consciousness, SHIVANNA decided to pay him 20, 000 Rupees with accommodation food and water. Postal Worker's Delight 15 SHIVANNA= "I'm more than interested in your driving for the rest of my life." SHIVANNA= "you had better trained in a bullock cart. I range from a basic Maruti to a Lamborgini classic." SHIVANNA= "prove me your unlimited skills, if any" In this test, he was pulled down, bullied to height of his calmness and asked to drift in narrowsteep hairpin bend turns. To make edge to this job, he was tested emotional quotient by introducing a hot blondehaired woman in his next seat during night and day! However, BALAN managed to get the job by closing the open secret out of SHIVANNA's eyes and in the blackout of his eyes. SHIVANNA= "you serve to drive me and my family until you are asked to stepdown or I kickout!" BALAN= "Thank you, for your breathtaking desire for stunts and making me part of your county." I rushed and cleared all the goods of this petty shop business. Subsequently, early in the morning realizing his son, he feels pride and propelling about the job. "Getting back to him was never thought to be a real count" "It's my fortune!" At the house, the walls were prepared to glowup sun's reflection upon them and it was shine's brightest moment of the era! "I feel the pulse in the bricks of this grayish concaved house. It showed me the sign of son's living" Still, SHIVANNA was not plain about the golden sword, which he had bought using nontaxed money. 16 I'm a Liar The next morning, The life of a driver had brouqht a turnaround in his life. BALAN= "loving those impassive and spiritless thing around was as rare as reaching sun." "One could easily find loyalty, respect, truth, values for culture and tradition and not taboos, in SHIVANNA's eyes." "I found that everyday's routine was followed with trust and for value." "One could easily makeout the love and affection for PRAKASHA in the family." "From the early morning to the late night all his works where done as it was done by PRAKASHA" "Portion of every sauce and spoon was set for him to eat even under his needfulness." "All his clothed were washed on daily basis and his belongings were made crystalclear" "I could find myself dirty, when I swayed my hands onto the table, even though I was clean!" "All things had spiritless and wanted needfulness of PRAKASHA" "All was incomplete without him!" "As I moved towards chandelier, I could hear the three discussing about visiting kasha which had got layover of one week on the eve of theft in the house." "Finally, when I was calledfor, I intended to expect the same as they directed me to capheading the trip." The next day as sun's shadow glows brighter than usual, signs of getting today's engagements were half way complete. Postal Worker's Delight 17 The faith and trust that he had made him spawn with gaiety. Those white and black dressy had supremacy and prestige. The feeling of idlerichness, filled with humanity cornered every bit of the house. It was his time now to feel for change. BALAN= "fourth Saturday today. Rushing in a hurried style took me faster to living hall" BALAN= "Sir..., " SHIVANNA= "Pack your dresses and lockup your lodges", "start immediately!" BALAN= "sure sir!" BALAN thought to cast out, as he could see a replacer and started to walk with a rotten facelook. SHIVANNA stopped him by telling... SHIVANNA= "you are too lazy to be lodging in this lee of luxury!" BALAN thought down to earth SHIVANNA= "I have few marbles to offer!" BALAN was in nonplused! SHIVANNA= "I mean, the expiry of your assignment was today!" BALAN= "I anticipated this from you, and knew this would my last day of dressy supremacy!" BALAN= "I thought this would be my last words of hope" as I shivered in my reply BALAN looks at the new person and feels insecure of him in this driving post. SHIVANNA= "I feel you r in jeopardy, so anyways i maintain that danger till u walk out of this house" 18 I'm a Liar BALAN= "I would prepare for what you say" "I think that in spite of hitting two birds by stone, I'm being sacked my emotions rather than seeking for clues about my package" SHIVANNA= "listen he is the person of showiness in life so better do this hidden job without notice of other's eyes We have planned and dated the schedule to depart my place for kashi and I want you to be a single head holding responsibility of our expenses and requirements" SHIVANNA= "Now immediately you take the car and go to this address and get the tickets for itinerary booked." BALAN= "Certainly" "Too sharp to poke my own abdomen" I thought, "This was my nerve hype moments i have ever had!" SHIVANNA= "Ahhh...! You booked for yourself along with us?" BALAN= "Sure, but I won't miss mine if not yours..." SHIVANNA= "You are too smart to not have money loaded in your hands for ticketing." BALAN= "I found it in your hands and swiped along as you spoke to me" Feeling his alertness SHIVANNA said, "your pant still has no wallet" SHIVANNA= "You think you have done a simple snatch then I'll be at the camouflage" BALAN= "nice turnaround" SHIVANNA= "I want ticketing done by another half an hour following which u have to arrange comfort" Postal Worker's Delight 19 Thief turned BALAN now get his nerves blue even more to breathe deeply and he walks off in his typical silent gait. Driving this SHIVANNA was too hefty and helped a lot, switching on the power playing music systems and accelerating to make some sounds inroad is roaring fashion was not on part of this car. He thought this place has some volumefilled veins in its walls this made him look his dress with pride and that moment when this new person had made his way into my back pants pocket; he was in poor attention, which charged me some chiseling faces. As he drove down the lanes, he thought, linking circumstances this would become his gateway task to enter the case file at police station. He got parking done as he saw this police station to the right. He thought why would not have he not approached this officer! Before stepping down, he just thought it is better to know the bread and butter of the officer police officer and walk inside. This got into havoc, which demanded sorting out matters within him. He had only limited period to get tickets booked. He got it done in nick of time to his purple patch! He had better tried encashment of these chances of getting to the police officer. After again gaining steps towards police station, he had to find reality. He spoke to a few local men. (Giving cause to answer was like getting a diamond out of sea!) They never would disclose sans money. This made him think, "I was in trading market." 20 I'm a Liar Travel to Kashi BaLAN= "Will I get to meet Mr. Sub inspector?" I could hear interrogatory questions. That made me stunning about accused. "Dirty mind" He, if not, was for no reason tampered with interrogation by dirty minds. As he peeped into the POLICE OFFICER'S chamber, that cabin was empty but none would go unanswered before meeting him! Guilt for his theft or the feeling of innocence? Rocked him! BALAN= "I play my cards here to get my work done at his hands" Police officer= "What is your problem?" He blasted out at me directly rather than getting rapport with for proper way of approaching the client. B.C.BALAN with his old way of addressing people, from the gates of robbery burglary to the style of innocence and naive he has completely changed his gesture. Nothing would be so thrilling than turning up as the old thief from driver BALANNA and sitting with muscled strength of the truth. POLICE OFFICER^ "what are you dreaming about? I like those peeping toms" T ravel to Kashi 21 BALAN= "I was feeling straight hit not more than what I had used but..." BALAN started "I want information about the SHIVANNA who repeatedly presented before you for help'" POLICE OFFICER^ "Come out of your vague words not pretend." BALAN= "The missing complaint filed 20 years ago." POLICE OFFICER^ "Why are you interested?" BALAN= "I was asked to get the information" POLICE OFFICER= "I have been sending letters to the various agency addresses for more on this case" Until now, he has updated the neatness of the file, as the changes with the 15 year old to the bearded man now, have not matched one profile. POLICE OFFICER= "excuse" walks off to the interrogation room to get connected over through phone with SHIVANNA "Hello" SHIVANNA'How much more are you greedy about my wealth?" POLICE OFFICER^ "I'm bored at looking to same notes so far better you get me trip to Switzerland" "I don't like your stupidity of sending people who ask to the depth of history I'm bored to sleep" BALAN= "I think it's time to rush to shelters another 2 minutes remaining." POLICE OFFICER^ "Comes with a sarcastic laughed give an untoward effect of sarcasm about my boss." BALAN= "I would have caught your theft culture in a more danty style and yet again I still can't make you believe that the clue about it lies within yourself" BALAN walks off... 22 I'm a Liar As he gave my suspicious entry, nothing was as he expected that would it be my boss standing out to charge me with hot foul play (scolding). It got too close, as he stepped out to the bay outside the entrance. In addition, the dates for departing were 3 days after today. BALAN= "I decided to go inside with no notice of noise." ''My work is done and the tickets are waiting to be scratched and scanned on 19 hours at the gate 7 of city railway station" In this English spoken family, he found no feeling of the nativity through speech but, the tradition and culture of history made me feel I'm not in English world, but still not safe to be too involved. He had to inform about, plan, and captain the march towards kashi. They had to go through Kolkata and get into a car to reach that place by road. After this engagement, he took up to look into son's room intermittently taking chances while he was called. He became a peeping tom at this house, which was in gap of consciousness. Every day the routine and customs followed his rooms, it was well lit to height of wall and fragrance of flowers was making any person slip into heaven. However, when he entered, it all was not conventional this thing learnt him; it was 5 days to 20 years from missing date. As he saw it, caption tells dated 21/10/2010 as he fell into the open space, if anyone had stepped onto this theme on the other side of room would definitely find and catch me to boss! T ravel to Kashi 23 But his game was still on and he played his cards too witty. Not everything would go without his assent and sister's opinion in the house but this day when they feel for him it's all in their heart to make him alive no one except sister, could feel his presence. Flowers were kept on front side of his photo to favor not his condoles cense but for a bounceback hope! Like an office hours everything had a time limit he believed as the bells ringing to the top of throat warned everyone to be alert to the things happening around here in the arena. Sister never used to make him cry always or make him laugh always but had a both ways to make him value one over the other. She was a purple tortoise for all decision and son would be wise in getting it productive and bring it into use. All of a sudden, a heart broke out as he walked outside to the car bay and he rushed inside to help if any unusual Had happened, he watched mom breaking to laughing and had almost forgot laugh for any moment. She cried and sister came for her confidence and moral support for any change to the cracked case file. The police officers had come with their support file, to show them confidence of hope. Every evening, they had a hangout of entertain performance by the son, sister and grand children litup their every moment and in search of family, he just felt he must achieve it before he is voluntarily resigning to get out from this punctuality business. Day after day, apathetic things here realized his support of proof and began giving life to the freshly kept case file 24 I'm a Liar In fact, the police officers had nothing to do but to close it as far as evidence is concerned. SHIVANNA came around 19 hours and began speaking about the trip. SHIVANNA= "let's get it, stop crying. We are finding the hopes now in god, we are all living not with him dead but still he's live but missing." Mom= "His day out had colors of his childhood. I want to see that childhood that has now mature but, now, I have evidence of his kidding behavior" SHIVANNA= "I feel the blood of his vein in every corners of this house. I'm confident but, not stable" Mom= "You would have felt it by the things but, I want him by his live circumstances. I want his see him." Sister= "I will join you in getting the search more advance in most quick ways. Let's buy time than just wasting this productive time." SHIVANNA shouts at him BALAN= "sir, what can I do for you now" SHIVANNA= "I know that you have not completed your work." BALAN gets anxious about the fact that he had been to the police officers for information about the matter. SHIVANNA="I won't punish you for your work." BALAN= "my job is over and your work is done. The tickets are waiting to be scanned on 19 hours at the gate 7 of city railway station" along with this "we have to make ourselves packed for the cold climate. Your resting place is booked for at Kolkata for 2 hours and patching up the journey at a stretch reaching the destination of kashi comfortably sans worry." T ravel to Kashi 25 "Stay is arranged for at pro star business class hotel in kashi. The worship advances are yet to be decided." SHIVANNA= "You have missed one!" BALAN thought, "Family secrecy protected" SHIVANNA starred at BALAN to make him angrier... The day comes when its 7 hours, to depart the place. The drive to the serve the boss had been informed in advance. It was too sunny and early in the morning at 6 the sun fell directly onto these bedroom windows but this only caught up BALAN's eyes as the mother, sister, SHIVANNA were already began the customs which was from ancient culture and belief of spirituality. Sun fell to light my room and it spoke to get it done at its BALAN= "Fullest sun's wishing me I felt." In his life, nothing was showing so many colors as this had touched to change his life to prosperity than just success. BALAN= "Never had I remembered this for the scolding but I'll definitely cherish the effects and changes to my life. He just got a passion of living and an art of colors into it. My scheduled time was an hour far." He comes after a rubbing time of getting prepared for his boss. With a usual look of a perfect service men of his boss this man gets a hold on it and remembering all for a purpose of finding out the missing compliant a conclusive finding end plus his son's position, which made him carry pride and passion towards his work. BALAN = "Good morning sir. Had I made your driving dumpy, you had a deadly day out today." "You are free only until time is 19 hours" 26 I'm a Liar At home the rituals on its track, SHIVANNA along with BALANNA would head to police officers for arranging security and surveillance and confidence. Spending time, as they laid out into some of trendy dress wears sizing his son. Mom and sister complete the procedure to their ease. Finally began packing clothes and eateries that were prepared for son. The sweets along with sugar syrup had caught the smell of JACK to come onto our knees. On every part his breakfast, lunch and dine definitely a part of it was given to JACK, who waited all his life to get the love of his 'owner'. And play with son. JACK had sacrificed his lifelong way protecting the family and being a part of the family. By the time they were backing home, it was two hours past rituals and only time had they, to mentally prepare to withstand the harsh tropical climate. He just informed, "Taxi is already on the way to drop us at the station." Mom heard and was silent to stare at me for a while in the light of her crawling feelings. He understood the break to keep quiet for another moment of departure. In fact, those swollen eyes of mother had caught the corners of heart to make stone melt! That made me loose out my focus, as the similarity of circumstance had just remembered me of what love she (his wife) gave more as a mother than a wife and my time of failure to respect her feelings. He was emotional, for losing the directions. Here since, my boss was looking at mom and he thought they had pay no attention towards the cat that tried to make its way, he caught cat's ears to pull it out not to fight with JACK. Since, JACK was off to inside near sister and mother there was no created scene. T ravel to Kashi 27 It is another one hour of full time we had to travel, another moment sounded horn the taxi driver and he was waiting for our catch up. As he alerted them to wear to be comfortable and with woolen clothes everybody were ready to occupy the lot in the car. Dumping those big gunny bags was too tiring for him, as the humid climate in here, had caught his sweat like a water flow. BALAN= 'A fresh BMW' SHIVANNA stays unnoticed Cab driver^ "Yeah as the choice of customers." BALAN= "Too cool to get a Blonde!" Cab driver^ "AArrrrhhhh..." BALAN= "get it slow but swift and safe" Cab driver^ "sure sir" BALAN saw mom's face - too swollen and sick fallen. Still had hope on the loyalty. Soon after we reached, they had 30 minutes complete time. They had train on platform tracks. They boarded and caught up our seats to start our journey. Starting their journey, to the get the ease to their worries. 28 I'm a Liar Curiosity Travel of Boys Heading straight to Delhi in this joggling and trickling journey. Flying a falcon on this exotic journey Brought hand in hand by fervor. There gets on to, four bodies, rolls to The wheels of their life. From the ordinary men to an special seated treatment, Four hail from four vertices of families Sun's Kelvin cannot burn their zeal Although, candle their light Wind's air cannot blow their light Although wave their impulse Questioning life frames their lives. While cutting a frame, Happened a synonymous rail accident Is this a truth or a fact? Crossing hurdles for this accident Is this a judgment or a morality? Provoking this mishap Curiosity Travel of Boys 29 Is this mischance or hatred? Surviving this by a delay Is it real or lively? Meandering across streams of river And flying planes to heights Is it a hover or poise? Consuming pint of le champagne Is this butterfly highness or euphoria? Being energetic in Himalayas or at home Is this peace or harmony? Partook at posh beanery Is it a caliber or for royalty? Succeeding a life Is this success or prosperity? Yet so fussy for two minutes about this Is this an attention or attraction? A simple style of entry Being a pet of your own mind Quickwitted by strength of truth Stronger than bulkier muscles. Time has its own time Moreover, has no antonym. Contradiction, a selfclarity of truth But a morality, a meld of contended and a despondent Still I am a liar. 30 I'm a Liar After travelling 45 hours straight, these four young boys on this ground step off to catch taxi from Dehradun. If everything would be so much conventional to talk about then this would definitely not be a priority at all. If you want it to be merriment, better get joking or never mind getting mad! As they sort to organize, these muscled men had to fill their hunger. PRAKASHA= "All eateries are buttered and the smell of masala chilly with jeera has caught my smell perception to a next level." "I had the whole market here to eat!" ANANDA= "You have no other option. There are too much sellers, even if you do not wish to eat, they known to steal money out of your pocket. At this moment a Blonde haired woman just walks off crossing the streets and she is heaven I m enticed to seduce on spot!" ROCHAIAH= "you dirty fellow, have you come for a girl or for the maneuver?" PRAKASHA, ROCHAIAH and BADRI just had tough time with him wherever he is with them "But never mind we are not liars" said BADRI ANANDA'Nonetheless, if this possession had taken me off from your course then you had not missed danger here." They lift off to the great classic entry. Travelling was a pain hit by curvy ghat. They had no time to take breaks after entry. One side had made them lose their patience and money but still consistent on reaching the journey. Never had they tried to break the excitement of ROCHAIAH never had they thought this whirling tour had a fantasy after it is all over. Curiosity Travel of Boys 31 The driver had brought this car to his hands few days as a part of his saved providence. He was trying to be humble at his driving but situation made car on this turning bend, deadly and horrible. After getting through this, they reached Auli after 200odd kilometers. Reaching further more hard and intended not to stop they moved with even energy. They had a purple patch this time. The history said, its death rate had crossed threshold. They came after hitting 42 curvy hairpin bends, into this small town where horizon had inclined onto heights of mountain. As earlier, they had anticipation that, this would be their situation if everything had accordingly. Butstill, death waits until they are amenable. ROCHAIAH= "in here living is adaptability and comfort is heating." PRAKASHA thought, "I had better took my beau to romance." ROCHAIAH disappears for a moment and as BADRI & ANANDA find places to piss off to ease. Like the sweat that hides to come out, they hide out themselves to shock PRAKASHA who was carried away into dreams by looking at the white ambient space. In the light space of time as these, three captured their space leaving PRAKASHA at his room of haze in dream. Their yen does not yet unclog. For this desire, they definitely would not think to settle here to reach their highness. ROCHAIAH shouts to call. The other three men understood his call but they rushed to near him. Looking at what was there all four of plan to get a ride. We want a ride to this to height of mountain. We charge you 500 bugs for riding mountains with guide. They agree to not waste time. 32 I'm a Liar The guide to them started his known theory about the mountain history and geography, more than anything, he was in haste. ROCHAIAH was diligent enough to get to listen to him and perform the ride synchronously. But these four young boys get to watch only to the boundaries which were not visible in the far visual acuity but would look at them as they came nearer. Getting to the reality was only way. They made him feel satiety and got information about destination on map card. But as we came to the tip of ridge we got this motor to jump over it just like a wheelie. They crossed through gap between silos like waviness of snakes. They could do this until they are spoiled by an avalanche or the snowfall or a breeze. The fuel exhausted. PRAKASHA=wwwooo! I am now getting the thrill. ROCHAIAH= you enjoy until you break your legs. Fuel also got feared and empty to their thrill as it failed even to start the engine in this zero direction space. PRAKASHA= "how do we do now?" ANANDA= "I'm lucky you people bought me this tight woolen clothing for warming" BADRI= "we had hovered the lower skies in a helicopter. It's too tiring for me here." ROCHAIAH= "forget to walk in this loose snow!" PRAKASHA= "we are in the last resort and you are asking us to forget walking. Isn't this death madness? It makes my stomach aching." ROCHAIAH= "aaahhhhhh!! You are too old to get into skateboards like me!" PRAKASHA= "oh my gosh! This is clever and human" BADRI= "better you shut up!" Curiosity Travel of Boys 33 ANANDA= "let's be in our nerves. Trapping into these pits and it's tough to come out without snow hammers." ROCHAIAH= "lets head onto north on move to the horizon mark and decide our map head." ANANDA= "we will know the whole map at once to plan." BADRI= "shut up!" PRAKASHA pulled his pant and got his picture to get some fun crazy. ANANDA= "you are red hot!" BADRI= "if you are not getting near me you wouldn't find this compass watch." PRAKASHA comes running but the holding snow makes him a tortoiselike PRAKASHA= "you stopped it working! Now taste my anger" ROCHAIAH breaks them and tells him "you didn't notice this when were with your girlfriend?" "Stop this and let's skate over this snow till we find shelter to rest this night." ANANDA= "start now or you had to face it with snow leopards" PRAKASHA & BADRI run as ROCHAIAH & ANANDA started. PRAKASHA^ "now I skate faster not beat bolt but if I'm faster than you that's enough!" By doing this PRAKASHA get all of them propelling. They got a great classic entry as they skate to stop holding themselves in that slippery skating. They climb the aimed mountain thinking those mountains were now pole stars. 34 I'm a Liar ROCHAIAH= "It doesn't matter how slow you go, as long as you don't stop." ANANDA= "I hadn't spent so much time and space to my 10 hour cycling." BADRI= "one slip can cost us the whole climb yet again." PRAKASHA remained silent, as these men had got fine past them at top... If these men had to lose then it would have allowed b to catch up. "We had started little away, " said PRAKASHA It was not unusual that this would not happen. Nothing they slipped! They slipped to give up after reaching a mile away from inclination to a flat area space. On the way back, that did not forget to get a thrill making stunts. ANANDA= "these snow leopards eat us to sleep" BADRI= "before that happens, I'll race with you don't worry until we get onto the apex." The second time they had it this time They had shortness of breathing for few seconds and all set to get it at death effort. Cheers for this time. Taking a long runup for fine action here, they came until the zenith and ANANDA was able to hold as rest of them got the same way on other points of top. Pushing themselves got them to the other side of the mountain as they had a one and half mile height gentle fall. They skate to not control to stop and was deadly but as they found igloos along their way contrasting against background. These four boys fell on themselves by the inclination and they wanted to stop. Even the hills were angry to be conquered. "Was that their amenability or that roaring mountain that cost them too far from clues?" asked ROCHAIAH after getting knock out. Curiosity Travel of Boys 35 This layover time was partaken by tight breathing. They began slowly to walk up until they touch foothills of igloos and finally they found a place to take air. ANANDA= "I'm lifting a hammer tied shoes" While PRAKASHA &c burned, their calories to get sweat out of their body. After reaching the doorstep and breaking the door for help, they found no humankind of help. ROCHAIAH= "aaahhhhhhhh!! I found out a medicine for you baby." ROCHAIAH thinks from the top of the hill to the knock out after stop. PRAKASHA got injured by the arrow and looking at the direction and aim, PRAKASHA becomes conscious after attempt by ANANDA & BADRI "your ankles are injured right at the end of left lateral legs and while the screaming for pain he pointed out and skimmed off the mouth of PRAKASHA but as PRAKASHA gets noticed he turns face to right." ANANDA= "we would stay here for another few hours to leave the place or else our devastation would never become too tough. Like a sip of water they would do it." BADRI= "And because there was a snowfall they hadn't got us here." ANANDA= "skateboards helped! This obese goon has pads of fat like pot!" PRAKASHA frowns even with pain ROCHAIAH= "a deadlock! Never would I dare to forget" ROCHAIAH walks off with BADRI to get into the back yard and they find another igloo. With the exhaustion of medicine tools ANANDA comes out to make further options with them. This concurrently they found igloo right at the few step behind to the left of the former igloo. 36 I'm a Liar Here, now they all thought help would reach their hands. BADRI= "this looks like a haunted house to me!" As they enter inside with PRAKASHA's arms on shoulders and pulling him for short distance, had not marked them before those tiring long climb. ROCHAIAH= "simple style entry to this glacier cave." BADRI= "our compass card has stopped working since the second attempt of our voyage to the apex height. No matter no directions we will start the game." ANANDA= "recall the way PRAKASHA had dreamt of this place in Auli before this voyage." Continued 37 Continued "iite eyes sketching blue blood heart On a chilling white cold day, Sunning to see the rarest and precious Orchid purple that pool your eyes, To its highness of heights over the superior snow, Its aboriginality peaks the Alp Mountains, Looking and peeping to see the eternal visuality, Surfing over the snow skateboard with your goose skin, Tempts the temptation. Boozing the world like a purple haze, Typically like a serenity of minds. Ignoring to the sharp calls Over the windows and the scream of shrill, Like offering eateries to the greedy anorexic The scene of his eyes signs the kites of his life, On a blue mirrored glass. Shallow and sound of rubbing of breeze could not Even wake his consciousness, 38 I'm a Liar Yet so deep in carving out the conscious beauty At the heights of flower's high Silencing the breath are the feathers of monal! For the multi vertices of voices in here A black is a trough And A white is a crest Yet still a wave Do not delay this dithering drive of snow Ingress to the world of naturalness The Himalayas! Ahhhh... ROCHAIAH knocks the door as they fell out of this world in the same world! They get back to this world by creaking noise of old cracked door with sandalwood perfume. ROCHAIAH identifies that in that lost world there was no compass card and because AN AN DA had the knowledge of the way until broken words, we headed until here but have no signs of continuing their survival. ANANDA= "we want help. My friend is hit by this arrow and is unconscious" BADRI & ANANDA felt the loss of power when b put his neck down with severe dehydration. Eskimo walks inside opening door wide and give them place to rest. He gave him revival and woke him. As they decided quickly to move out of here PRAKASHA called on them near the first igloo and makes a quick chat about what he had discovered a new piece of compass card. In addition, Continued 39 the experience when he fell asleep as he saw this bearded man. PRAKASHA= "we are at his den now; we had to find this place in the map with us and reach." ANANDA= "we have epic stories all concurrently." BADRI= "why don't you do join monkey's tree?" PRAKASHA= "I found this lost compass card at the time I dreamt and was woken by a quakeearth movement. The moment I fell was the way I found this compass card and later I came running to join." ROCHAIAH= "if what you say is not wrong then what do we think about the old one which has stopped working and is with me" PRAKASHA= "it's good now we got the pointer to our journey." BADRI= "from this high we have only one hour time before dawn to get out to any livelihood!" They are still not aware of the mountain hill they crossed was already the first out of rest. Looking from the foothills of this snowy igloo, they planned to make a skateboard again on tracks. ROCHAIAH= "we are afraid about being shot down but still we had to get it through a nick gap of time." ANANDA= "it's too hard to wait for our luck." BADRI= "we must move no option either" PRAKASHA= "are you too burning to stay here?" ANANDA= "if you are killed your bodies wouldn't be found to bury!" They came with drift. 40 I'm a Liar Planning it in advance d thinks of getting a roller coaster. BADRI= "aren't we humans?" PRAKASHA= "after you reach, you will definitely be." After this, they found everything was over by now. PRAKASHA again started bleeding and fainted to sleep. "We had no option but to pull him over to the other side of 3 rd hill." ANANDA= "there's some help we could find after this 3 rd hill" They made six attempts for their credit they had exhausted all energy but had will power to cut across this mountain a 3storey building high. BADRI= "I'm confident that we can do I this time." They had such confidence as second hill had a track of rollercoaster kind for relay time and runup pull. They did it 6 times. To this effect all men got into fatigue and shortness of breathing. Rather than searching for food water now, breathing came up to their neck. However, in the second attempt they had found him fall sick yet again. Seventh time they were all exhausted as they fought for breathing. The fatigability had increased following those failing chances. PRAKASHA= "we must rebound to rule this way" BADRI= "every time we faced problems alike every other hurdle." ROCHAIAH= "are we planning to top the highest mountain?" Continued 41 ANANDA= "more than anything we got pull out PRAKASHA from here." With the same time but after some 25minutes of these grueling chances, they pushed this skateboard carrying PRAKASHA with a painful push. ANANDA= "This board will take him to heights of apex. He just moved to other side crossing by a small inch." These people reached the tiptop by close encounter. "The 4 th time another mountain came to us with hardship We had not got the freedom neither to quit nor to go effortlessly, " ROCHAIAH said. ANANDA= "it is quiet too close yet too hard." BADRI= "PRAKASHA's life is counting probably" ROCHAIAH= "we must get all these into our hands. This is getting our diehard struggle more than cruelty." a blasts out at anger. At the end they only managed to put PRAKASHA's skateboard tightly tufted, onto valley after this sharp lineated hill rock. BADRI= "I doubt whether he would be with us!" ANANDA= "don't get into those downbeats, let's hope!" ROCHAIAH= "now as already PRAKASHA's skateboard would have reached the valley besides 4 th rock." ANANDA= "After 16 times, this is made for us." ROCHAIAH= "come on boys, we know it's hard but winners follow bummers." From flop show to blockbuster now it is already late and another 2 minutes to find ourselves absconding from here. 42 I'm a Liar BADRI= "yeah, hold on tightly my legs will break for sure." ROCHAIAH= "don't sweat" ANANDA= "I'm in hurry" ROCHAIAH= "get this adrenaline rush" BADRI= "this is classic seedbed of orchid purple!"Shouts They were astonished to this hidden nature of the flowers. From that height, they discovered lush purple flowers but as they, few down the mountain the flowers hide themselves in the shadow of mountain making them propel towards it. ANANDA= "PRAKASHA's too lucky! He is stopped by rough road. Peacefully landing into this valley and PRAKASHA's life was still waiting for our help!" BADRI= "Struggling to live but too hard. It's too fatigue to rush hormones" As they walk along the valley towards the area which was made up of noisy humans. We fell as trap into trench for the first time in the blackout of our attention. We are caught, " said ROCHAIAH They made humanoid noises to call for help. They had not turned up after once but we shouted to top of our voices to find humans. However, as BADRI fell asleep they could not support to lift them into those tribal who were kind to respond and help us. ANANDA= "human stays alive." ANANDA= "Every attempt to conquer this had costs of efforts." Continued 43 ROCHAIAH= "it was a nice thrill." Speaking to helping hands, they entered the house to rest and after hydration, they only had to rest for 20 hours straight. Meanwhile these wingmen made them comfortable and spoke to the best of their knowledge to get into the depth of their minds. ROCHAIAH'PRAKASHA woke up but still was unlike before looking abnormal still." ANANDA= "we will kick around until then you feel heat." whispered at PRAKASHA 'PRAKASHA' gets in hallucination. Meanwhile, the SAAKAMMA had to discuss with them few facts about the place. After ROCHAIAH, ANANDA & BADRI walk together near the mountain yet again. ROCHAIAH= "there's change in PRAKASHA I noticed" ANANDA= "let's not get into this business." BADRI= "we will wait and see. Whether to stay here after he gets into track." ANANDA= "we can't wait after he get's health alright" ROCHAIAH= "let's not make a hurdle by thinking and giving it a tag!" They came to see this fifth hilltop yet again. And BADRI decides to reveal them his views. But the moments words about those come out of his mouth the strange paranormal things in his mind deters him to stay back. ANANDA= "we got to do it right from 200 meters height of the 4 th hill top." 44 I'm a Liar ROCHAIAH= "not easy but too risky. In fact we had to rather spend our rested energy by getting on to the top." BADRI= "yeah but we have no option." After they plan to climb another 200 meters higher than nadir, they walk off to meet the villagers. BADRI= "Too tiring to bend my knees" Saakamma= "I have prepared spinach for you and boiled vegetables for you. Water for your satiety." Their tiring journey was narrated by ANANDA. Saakamma realizes they had lost the privation Saakamma= "wandering without maps will be aimless and effort of you, doesn't get you the destination. In this hopping climate" stops saakamma making them think she herself is tired to speak. But she realizes their sedulous attitude. Saakamma= "you are tiedup? Really? Explain why you came here." They refrain to start narrating as ANANDA avoids ROCHAIAH to not reveal them by hand signs. But saakamma wanted to reveal herself about the similar situations happening in and around the area. She starts with her same old breaking style of talking about her husband making them astonishing about her husband who himself was a military command officer working for the Indian army discharging duties his duties at Nepal border. She had stayed here in snowhit islet. Telling this 50 year a cocktail was too toilsome to hear but had too many similarities. ANANDA= "she is from our place and recognizes that by our vociferous ways." ROCHAIAH= "I understood she sacrificed all for her Continued 45 husband and brought up her child as a doctor serving the nation at the end" ANANDA= "let's not get affected as far as our destination is concerned." However, saakamma had it through the minds of PRAKASHA. She walks off without notice as her humanity had been delivered with compassion. After PRAKASHA woke up he saw his 3 boys slipped into deep rest and had they waited for me or slept as if I wouldn't turn up again for them!?" thought PRAKASHA PRAKASHA= "I'm in a haste to say you everything. But I'm sure you bore me to sleep." All were snoring and PRAKASHA walks out to meet this hitting snowfall, which could not stop his desire and curiosity. After kicking out for some time here PRAKASHA PRAKASHA= "arrrrhhhhhhh..." BADRI= "what happened?" ROCHAIAH= "when you woke up?" ANANDA= "stupid don't you remember you are not half eaten prince and your blood is yet to be tasty. How could you do this?" PRAKASHA= "I just walked out to see down." ANANDA= "fast let's get out of here." ROCHAIAH= "we had pay her the credit at least by giving her some farewell." BADRI= "we can't hire dj parties here and no girls can it too hot to this dead cold." 46 I'm a Liar They all walk marching towards the fifth roll over. PRAKASHA= "we will get onto 300 meters high on this side of 4 th hill and get a push to those heights onto reaching the 5 th mountain." showing them the way! BADRI= "this is satisfying" said to ANANDA ROCHAIAH= "we must do it and no murmurs while doing it and no whirly feeling." ANANDA= "we shall finish it off." PRAKASHA= "yeah I'm tranquil now." After cutting it to four chances, PRAKASHA said getting these odd chances would not fetch us any meal later. After our push gets off the ground, we will use this knuckle to get through the uphill. "After every attempt to conquer this hilltops we just had a mindless skating, boys shouted leveling decibels and the most relishing part of this backbreaking ascension" said PRAKASHA. Soon after stopping with a rough rub, landing on roads that roared even at this pinnacle, they had more than a purple haze. BADRI=I shall move to catch that orchid purple which is pooling my eyes ANANDA= "my ear drum have become bent" BADRI= "wouldn't it be a gay feeling? These purple phrases made in favor of wealth and lavishness would not be better than my feeling here. I'm now in purple world!" Young boy PRAKASHA yells like a concord motor, making everyone frowning at him and he was thrown into anxiety attack and was misty. ROCHAIAH= "I'll get some water for hydration till then you make sure he doesn't do his last breath." Continued 47 Meanwhile Eskimo comes and sets his life for adaptation. He had rather died than getting into these accidents. BADRI= "we will admit him to health care centre soon after our work gets over." ANANDA= "do it fast." Eskimo continues to revive him despite their comments. ROCHAIAH comes after long haul walk from the local village into the previous space. ROCHAIAH watched carefully as his eyes rolls over at the Eskimos disappearing from his sight. ROCHAIAH= "I can't link and follow how he is able to navigate us till here." ROCHAIAH= "he's been the home of safety. He's getting us nonplus." ANANDA= "let us not stop trying." BADRI= "but PRAKASHA is still at our knees and wants to be pulled." ANANDA= "no worries we all have parachute for support." After they partook caffeinecitrusmixer. Getting this kick in the high fall had the best feeling for them. Pushing PRAKASHA at first, they all went together to this naive but thrilling jump. ANANDA= "all we have to do is to tieup and no breaks. Cheers!" They dive. 48 I'm a Liar Himalayan Trekking I - ailing from height of more than a 900feet made them falling from Mount Everest! Landing on this piece of turf land made that orchid purple flower whizzing and hitting the ground too hard was like kissing with temptation. It was too Backbreaking but a tricky holdout for us today. However, they bounced back giving their shoulders for bumping and rolling over upon themselves. They had it today, if they delayed this diving. From those few seconds to this new excitement, PRAKASHA made a comeback to his adrenaline rush. This made them happy as they rejoiced in fallen position. This abrupt zero speed made them only to crawl. PRAKASHA's revival made unusual happenings. PRAKASHA= "stand erect to help to stand." To their fortunateness, they missed the snowfall by a split second! Else, they had been buried deep into a hollow of snow. To get rid from unforeseen snowfall, PRAKASHA had discovered a cave inside at the nadir and beneath riverbeds. The snowfall had not relieved them from deadly shivering. Himalayan Trekking 49 Their teethes chattered. Blood walked through veins. Rigor setting muscles to stone hard. Covering smallholed gaps to capture heat. No animal skin wool would get hot here, not even naked women! They slipped slumberous and painstaking to sleep. Morning, Alike ROCHAIAH looks at the cynosure Born to the purple orchid flower shows purple, Hidden at the laps of mountaineers, Giving divers is a purple haze. It is purple eye shadow, That gives eyes illusion and attention. President's tie is purple and is a purple patch, in his prosperous innings? The Purple Heart is given To those sacrificing brave hearts. For soldier to be loyal and have vanity, They are wearing purple. To set love for ceremony, People need is a purple aura! From royalty to this 8000 high, Purple is faith. From a royal cap to a mourning Purple is pious! Mixing bluemoon and redhot giving this meld 50 I'm a Liar Purple is still individual. To the painting colors, Purple is still harmony. To find purple squirrel to rhymes Having only one them Purple is curple For the diversities of humanity, Purple is spirit To keep decision pending, Purple is still uncertain and equivocal Looking from top of the mountain, Purple is heaven of freshness. To this purple prose, No bird would disturb this bedazzle, Until sun's eyes is caught a purple! To their surprise a saint performing his yoga routine, Slipped stones and dashed the dulcet water flow. The river slopped water into riverbeds. They were brought back from dreams. PRAKASHA= "I wish I had 7 more births to witness, all these in short life." It is time to unfold now. Sun's brightest moment in its era! Wind is innocent not to trouble Snow melts to water to seethrough Fire is scared to burn and heat! Himalayan Trekking 51 To this splendor orchid flower ANANDA= "We had be crystal clear about our journey now." ROCHAIAH= "Stop your nasty fool words! I know you are alpha male!" PRAKASHA= frowns at ROCHAIAH but gets onto speak with the saint. Saint was a signature of help. Saint looks clueless as he starts with his squeaky style "Help! Help" The saint stopped to hear to them on this fresh daily morning. PRAKASHA= starts narrating in his pitying style but brought out some of the truth to the known fact. "We came to know, you were the one whom we want to meet." Saint= "What can I do for you?" PRAKASHA= "We came all the way from Bangalore to your place!" Saint= "I know there is only one way after me!" PRAKASHA= "Actually we are brought here by the ******" Saint= "You are the first to reach me!" Saint= "let me know you pretexts" PRAKASHA= "This starts with a national level competition at high school. We four have had a caliber of making wieldy and witty working models. To our credit, there are too many shields, which talk more of standards and quality of our work. It was fresh & nosy Monday were the final round had to be conducted and judges had waited 52 I'm a Liar for a week's time to award 10 grams of gold and a gold plated shield with certificates and a project card of transnational level concern which had been kept in our blackout." He frowns at this moment and starts again "as both the contenders were unaware about the project card which had occupied the centerstage, noisy crowd had not required any introduction about the event" "As the drooping time pushed our witty works even more propelling, we just could not forget any second even!" "Time flown in our blackouts" "We slept!" "After 6 hours of disturbed sleep, we woke up to breathe the fresh air from aircoolers!" After a wisecrack, he tells, "we got a phone call! It rang like a oldage ringing bell" "We learnt that our project's keys were stolen and were informed at the locker's headquarters in state bank." "ANANDA informed me when he had been to outside morning walk at 6AM as those people weren't aware of real facts of truth until the local security informed them." '"Following this we also got the information our key's being tracked at near 600 Kilometers towards northeast from Delhi and is going at 45km/hr speed near Auli.' Informed VIJAY who was a close confident of our team." "ANANDA said 'hearing this blood stopping shock I got tickets booked by train and we need to move from our place by the time I reach the home. Might be in another 15 minutes...' and I was thrown out to a anxiety shock but later as BADRI and ROCHAIAH hold me, I narrated them whole jest. They immediately started to make up time & had made it for ANANDA also had they prepared and it was 2 minutes before he arrived with a taxi heading railway station from Mysore to Bangalore." Himalayan Trekking 53 "We had too many things in mind to work upon. In another moment Railway terminal at Bangalore arrived for us to checkin." "We rushed to get inside the train and got onto the coach before it departed. We arrived on the early foggy morning and this misty city was not new to us to get a taxiwala convinced!" "VIJAY informed us The event stands postponed to five days after today citing reasons of death of one of the judges named Prof. Dr. M.RAMA RAO', we replied to 'Please accept our heartfelt condolences on the loss of your our one.' " "This message came after ANANDA was on the way towards booking flight tickets." "But he managed to speak to my father and to this effect we got train tickets done in one go within a short while." "But our train journey was hit by an accident where we luckily holdout by a spitsecond delay where we found a sage's rudraksha maale, his map and a theertha, who was with us for a short time journey and disappeared but found dead after we walked out to help others. We took this to explore as these sages were frequently housed in foots of Himalayas." "We all managed to get a supplementary train service to reach in scheduled time." "Like we did earlier..., " he adds every bit of journey until here with few facts of truth being noteworthy. "I was hit by an arrow which took me to shock me felt apprehension and this man Eskimo and all three aid me to recovery. But while I got revived I found that this was preplanned. The Eskimo said me in my subconscious mind that he had face 6 hills following is a valley to meet a saint where new compass card is brought into limelight after learning them to climb the rock. Until then they would 54 I'm a Liar have discovered a odd number of compass card. First, card was until we had lost in ghat section, second, found buried in the snowmud near Auli before we got into snow bike. Third, in the backyard of igloos where we got this new compass card. And..." ''As we came onto foot of 3 rd hill mountain I was throw into subconscious state where I understood that these events along with the purple lush garden with meeting you was understood by me. After this we all had a deadlock soon after this rock." "I also discovered when SAAKAMMA had said me about her family and why she had been staying here since 2 years. She told her husband was shot down in a war and she had planned to send her daughter to her brother's house who was a middle class family and she wanted to become a doctor. His name is BC BALAN who lost his wife, as she doubted the girl was result of his illegal affair. This had made him alone and as she aspired to be a doctor he turned out to be a thief and is now BALAIAH turned BC BALANNA (BALAN)." Listening to this rest of the three was thrown out to shock and was astonishing. Saint's Story 55 Saint's Story In his croaky and gravelly voice, Saint Guru Prasanna, started his own poetry of words. "If I don't say this to you then you would be incomplete and your pain will go in vain. This is a life about a painstaking journey of a VEERABHAHU." He starts with an assertive tone. "It was the time when arrows had reined battles of kings. It so happened on a warming afternoon, king's scion that was fully prepared to compete and defeat any opponent before had come for a challenge to prove Saint's student second to former." "As initially they both had to hit the bird's eye in skies(tough), the 2 nd round being a flower's fragrance tobehit(tougher), 3 rd round (toughest) in a crowded village of more than 1000 families a tiger is to hit which stay in back yard near it's mouth." "As always they both did some runup practice hitting trees." "It was burning hot! Sun was over the head and was too thirsty to sweat them!" "First round was taken off to a dense were tree and its branches had made most of the atmospheres and as one looks to the sky, one can find sun's beam of light had to 56 I'm a Liar peep inside! The thick forest cover had got dappled by interplay between sunlight and leaf, as the sunbeam waited to see this flawless play of archery." "It all seemed like a smoked cigars & fired rockets had occupied the hairline spaces through leaves." "The sage and the king accompanied them and witnessed this arduous oppugn." "Five chances were offered to each of the players." "The scion failed all five attempts as he potted his five lousy shots to branches of trees." "Now, VEER got the hap to hit the bird's eyes." "His arrow was thin and pointed, as the eagle's screech scream soared the sky and came nearer and nigh, VEER took position targeting the trajectory that eagle had flown. The sage felt hopeful of hitting, locking his eyes, tiedup to see that ingenious incident happening through another split second." "As I could get eyes fixed to the arrow and the hairline gap filled with sunlight, our eyes caught snowblindness. Astonishing to look at VEER, as he continued to stare that eagle's eyes to get it down to earth." "Another moment, the bird's scream was too piercing and deafening." "To his surprise, the bird fell close to them!" "He couldn't reward anything more than another attempt and higher level" "Next round was to be conducted in place where lush green filled arena of blooming flowers made one of the beautiful things of nature. The production of volatile chemicals in those flowers made pleasant smell and a positive energy in the surrounding." Saint's Story 57 "Arena had flowers from Korea, Japan, china, south America, Mediterranean region, mirabilis, Mexican regions, Australia, northern Asia, tropical India, and native Asia, ranging from rose, jasmine, lotus, lily... up to frangipani, wisteria" There were 10 chances to hit all ten flowers, with one flower at a time. They were easily flummoxed and vexed to hit the flowers in a minute's time. "Cutting off all ten flowers had made way early for next round. One shot cleared off all flowers at once. This surprised the sage and praised him with circumscribe for the fluke shot!" "But VEER's arrows missed the flower heads" "The first shot missed and the second shot went far away into the river water, but didn't hit one flower. The sage who thought it was all starcrossed initially believed him to be a naive" "The king who had known these facts earlier before, had made arrangements for scion's prosperity in the game" "Next round came as levels were at toughest height" "The 3 rd round came looming as the sage explained this series of game" "Five chances were given for conquering the tiger's mouth roar and the closest arrow is awarded the crown!" "King looked overconfident but as sage became pessimistic about VEER, he couldn't motivate VEER to play." "Scion could get it in first attempt and was haste to conquer the throne." "VEER prayed his arrow with devotion." 58 I'm a Liar "The filthy works of the king to get his son the throne had sacked him down to silo." "The subsequent moment where the king and the scion celebrated success with lots of ego and arrogance" "The kingdom trusted this sage's power to be leveling god." "Subsequently, if any decision is implemented sans his nod, then definitely unfortunate incident is observed to be because of this." "The success and of the scion in the battle was celebrated by all the villagers and festival atmosphere was hyped by bursting crackers at royal palace." "This was followed by ostracizing VEER out of the society in a strong consensus to king's decision." "VEER came to approach sage who had to take blessing of his teacher, and mother." "But, for VEER to live, sage had introduced him about marbles in times for livelihood having wealth and prestige" "By doing this sage keeps the promise alive which he had made when father had taken promises by sage to tame him as rare as purple squirrel and live with wealth and prestige." "VEER was only ostracized from the kingdom and not informed about himself in neighboring kingdoms and sovereignty space of Indian subcontinent" "Macrana, marblestore was still to be clinched to hands. When VEER came with his red eyed & grey circling under his eyes, dragging his feet moving slower than usual, people who were at risk of being killed by looters fetched him some water." "Restoring his lost power by those tendercoconuts he could find the Englishmen who sailed into mainland by Saint's Story 59 boats and from there into here by motor cars looted the marble." "VEER sacked them to death by killing them with arrow shooting using his ingeniousness. The villagers who dared to walk in dawn discovered him killing Englishmen." "The following day where the villagers who made factions had met for a discussion declared to proclaim him as the king to their village and formed a dynasty." "Having learnt many of the marble hotspots in various sovereign states was being looted by Englishmen, VEER headed towards those remaining 11 places across Indian subcontinent." "He discovered the subcontinent and brought all stratums of sovereign states under one umbrella and undercontrol." "Whereas, the earlier scion had only managed to get his father's territory." "VEER followed the way of his father's desire of discovering the world and bringing all states under one unit." "His desire was until he was bloodthirsty." "Like he did, by the time he wanted to know about his father his father was killed by those Persian kingdoms for the same marbles that he carried." "He plans to set up an idol for inspiration of his father. But people liked to make VEERBHAHU a statue of peace." "He became ruler to more than what he wanted because he lost to the scion. Likewise, you will become hobnob with richness if you lose to GAURAV" he dreamt of telling but, he said, "He continues to live a life loved by everyone!...narrated the saint Guru Prasanna. 60 I'm a Liar The saint who also said you still have to reign this way to get into your desired space. He made a move plan of training them to climbing the rock when he said, "you will have to conquer this massive majestic rock" "In one toss you are casted up in there above the marionettes cave" Showing them, one of the most secret places to meditation saint GURU PRASANNA who had his roots from Karnataka always wanted himself to get into it and explore. PRAKASHA= "How can it be a secret?" PRAKASHA= "You revealed it!" Saint= starts off saying them "you must reign this rock now" ANANDA= "This can't be not done by us!" Saint understood and kept quiet, realizing that they have faced prior to this. ROCHAIAH= "You look too nervous aren't you?" PRAKASHA= "let's not make him havoc for a while now" This made saint to become creepy after he gets inside his cave. They were not too scary to get inside and not too lazy to be wieldy. They had caught him for his compass card. BADRI= "Catch him for the compass card" shouted at him. They all caught him for this and started for the interrogation. Saint's Story 61 ANANDA= "This is the same card which we had lost in Auli!" PRAKASHA= "He posed a shiny compass card that gave him the confident look." ROCHAIAH= "What is happening within you? You are telling the whole missing pages and now looking at us with this bright card." "Be practical! Be with us!" said in his low whispering voice. PRASANNA did not care for his misunderstanding. Saint= "you better start immediately. Snow fall will hit your climb" They all came with the confusion and kept their desire alive. BADRI after he tops the first time rise, he tells, "we had better dropped here, it's too cumbersome for me to lock the hammers!" They had to do this tough and ultimate show but fell to a hardhitting ground. "It was like gravity pulling." Said PRASANNA They took six attempt chances to make it for the first time to make saint to admiring. BADRI who had made it first, helped the rest of them make it to top. After, bending to relax, to the top of surprise PRAKASHA for the first time in their journey shoutout making them shout of the horn. But, when they stayed nonplus, PRAKASHA says "we reached our destiny. The time which they had waited too short but, too long had just made it in front of him." "Our game starts two days after today on Monday." 62 I'm a Liar "3 rd July, 2015" "The flag reads our destiny." They all ran to catch this message, which waited for them since two days! Unleashing this, opening their eyes big as cricket balls, curving their eyebrows, foreheadskin folded to write lines of their fate & future, looked dazing and bugeyed. It read, "You only need to lookback!" VIJAY, GAURAV (opponent in the competition), came with a doublebreasted suit that was awarded for winner of national level competition. This made them look black and hostile as this bilious and vilely obese goon made their lives voltefaced. PRAKASHA= "To our agitation, not GAURAV but VIJAY, a close confident who lied us, charged this broadbrush rare bird!" They looked straightfaced. T ravel to Kashi 63 Travel to Kashi D uring the travel to Delhi, they turned the pages of history discussing their plan in Kashi. They had planned to hover in helicopter to Kashi from Varanasi. But, the cloudy weather in there didn't allow their them to plan. After every break to the journey, BALANNA used to look at their grayish face, and break the happiness. It was all over when they will find their son alive. But, it hard to convince the mother, who had forgotten laugh for over 20 years now! From southern clement Bangalore to sweltering heat of Delhi, more than a Dutch love! , they travelled this variant tropical climate from below upwards. After, this backbreaking journey 36 hours straight. They landed at a train where they suddenly decide fly by airplane to minimize whirling travel on trains. They hurried to find tickets and catch flights to Varanasi. Flying a shorthaul aircraft was getting too close to comfort. This 1 hour of flying broke their time space. In fact, they bought the time! After, getting into the car for travelling straight to 64 I'm a Liar hotel where they had planned a stay for 2 days, it was all time now for the matter to spill into their ears. BALANNA was to tell them, Milliondollar truth more than real facts. But, they had to move a pooja here. As they had for a fresh pooja for the much trusted god "shri kasha vishwanatha". The devotion for their son had clouded them ease but taunted BALANNA throughout his journey. Those few bounce backs that took him away for a while when he looked at the mother, slapped him to be painstaking again as he went to dreams often. After waking early in the morning to take the lead, I could see the devotion as, one of the most extolling campaign that the devotees can offer to the lord. It was so very cogent that it had endured in every other's minds even in their mania! The morning cloud had not sacrificed the devotees by washing the temples premises. It was clear with the wind's blow that brewed up the sunrise first and fragrance of incense had moved will power to heights of Himalayas here. The serenity one could achieve in the midst of this agitation and agony was the power that devotees need and want. Purity of core mind was demanded by the surroundings. Those few prayers offered in masses had made god spell in everybody's consciousness. Lord had to sink in the devotion of devotees! The mother, sister were in the tradition outfits along with SHIVANNA and BALANNA. The twoyearold girl depicted the typical Indian daughter by keeping elegance in her face. All of them headed towards the temple where BALANNA had to look after the little girl MEENA. The girl had the preaching of lord Shiva and her attempt to close hands and do NAMASKARAM was mindblowing. It was not too easy for BALANNA to find his son's footstep. S they had informed T ravel to Kashi 65 him about their visit to the temple on the spare time through the journey. One moment BALANNA, could feel for his son in hands, which made him breakdown for few minutes. The girl child cried too! This made him too ugly! Those few moments, which flashed to him as a family were memorable and like a gem for life. He always had a chance to pray back for his wife at this prestigious land. She had always pleaded at him to come to this place. But, this day, after losing everything he is in the temple now. After he was called by one of the known person's by his boss, he squirted initially but walked later to the temple footsteps. He was sad for a while, but, he was called the daughter. Along with this, he only had to go the next place. Before next move, they rested at hotel for rest of the day. Another day, they all decided to shop for his son. Everything was done for their ease only. BALANNA, never had got opportunity to take over his part of letter. He had to speak to the local men who knew the routes to Gorkha regiment. But, as time was not daring to extend, he ought to end spending rest of the time shopping the whole day with them. At the end before they reach the airport, thanking the team members for security was the best part of the journey. BALANNA did not dare to ask the chief officer incharge for these arrangements to query about his son. After everything ends, it is all over for BALANNA even to the closest of his son, he did not attempt to meet and share the gratitude of success. 66 I'm a Liar The next morning, BALANNA felt a little late could have been far better. He felt to be nearer to his son and is too restricted to depart from this place. Words did not come out of his mouth as he continued to work on his job and get his boss feel BALANNA is a perfect choice in this perfect time! Saint's Story 67 0 After 20 Years I hese four boys decide instantaneously to kill him but BADRI's decision to step back was little be unavailing. BADRI= "It's an untoward understanding that he has cheated us by a lie!", "don't you think we aren't doing the same mistake if we sack him to death?" As they could feel BADRI was veracious. They all decided to look back. After 20 years, They find themselves in the milestoned part of their life. ROCHAIAH is Major General in a Regiment of Indian army, PRAKASHA is FARMER, BADRI is Builder, ANANDA MURTHY is author. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill 68 I'm a Liar 1 Hidden Trust It was all locked by this this coded lock was used to open their projects, which had a reader chip motherboard. VIJAY who was close confident with us had found out a skinny gap between two strong soccer on the field by his tactics. He had meticulously planned to nick the mother board chip that would read the code to release entry into the project. He was too close on this event. The four young boys who had only known a gate pass never minded to set a back entry! Hadn't they been too cranky, they would not have found out this liar! The maneuver of this theft was not an attempt to produce confusion amongst opposite number, but was to divert the agitation towards the letter. This new concept was part of this plan at last moment, since, the plan had not concept and hadn't even been thought this tortuousness. After ROCHAIAH walked into his owner's house, he brought out the rights and liabilities of those assets which created more havoc in him. He went into a state mental confusion. But, over onto the phone conversation with ROCHAIAH, owner speaks to clear himself about plan. ROCHAIAH= "Hello" OWNER= "I'm in state of deathconfusion. Your works are not informed and creating a blunder." ROCHAIAH= "we are on the way to get our flight Hidden Trust 69 ticketing done towards Delhi and following this we head towards Auli, finally entering the nonetwork zone to reach the village at 20, 000." "This is location address of the thief, who hails responsible to your emotional pain by letting golddiggers know about your known secret of holding 20 acre paddy field." "It is also known that the muscling giant goons surrounding your house as a part of causing violence was the petdogs tamed by this bigthief staying in a secret place in Himalayas." OWNER= "This must not go out of violence, please protect yourselves at safest." ROCHAIAH= "Don't worry, those matters will be balanced or negotiated.", "We also have lost those project keys and traced near foothills of Himalayas around early morning as according to bank officials informed by VIJAY." OWNER= "Hold your life in hands. Don't let it go into graveyard!" ROCHAIAH= "We will not let your daughter's life go at stake by the end." OWNER= "I'm discovering ways to credit you and recognize your works at the international level. That's more than anything is what I can do utmost." ROCHAIAH= "protect your house and your family for now. That's all for now. Thank you" OWNER= "I'll take care of your 'LAZY BRICKSTHE HOUSE' with my close eye." ROCHAIAH listen to his last few words to cut the conversation by making a clicking sound at his end. ROCHAIAH who had twin job of sitting and joining to shores these project keys, mother board chip and diverting those golddiggers away from his house. These four young boys had listed adultmen's works at as young as 16 years! 70 I'm a Liar They were too unfortunate to face that young children taboo all along their journey. It was one time when these young boys were rejected to clear the issue of saving ROCHAIAH's OWNER'S daughter life because they eventually had not licensed to be major legally. OWNER fearing to his daughter's life which had been put at stake, had no trust and belief on these boys whom he had known for their project works and planning. A matter of time and responsibility had been maincoarse of the life for the OWNER. After getting those liability records, ROCHAIAH walks out of his house to enter his bike and rides at fullest throttle. Meanwhile, thinking about his project work with his teammates, he found a family running on BMW with the superiority and royal style. He was able to hear to the family discussion, which he heard and found out to be PRAKASHA's family. He had known well about the character and reactions of PRAKASHA. ROCHAIAH made a vague thinking that PRAKASHA would not have been involved into these filthy matters. The discovery in the hearing of conversation made ROCHAIAH, decide to get this asset paper carrying liabilities of the 20acre plot of the paddy field. It was on this plot that PRAKASHA's father SHIVANNA had planned to build a commercial plot to turn it into a blackmoney investment. SHIVANNA had in fact occupied the sight of redeyed ROCHAIAH. Since, ROCHAIAH also learnt the mystery is tortuous he started unveiling the theory to his mind, talking to himself, while he was walking towards the fair. The flow of events in as described in a chasing scene occurs in a matter of 15 minutes. Hidden Trust 71 The theft conducted in the lobby of theatre on the outside was preplanned and known to be acted, but not really, about asset papers that PRAKASHA had in hand. In fact, PRAKASHA hand those few keys of the 'LAZY BRICKSTHE HOUSE' and those assets liability records along with him. As ROCHAIAH could see those documents in hand, ROCHAIAH only managed to pull out the records and not the keys. PRAKASHA knew about this but hadn't really learnt about the history of documents that wore in his hands. PRAKASHA knew ROCHAIAH would return those back to him after the brief idea of theft is printed in minds to make opposite person in the contest confusing and unwonted. After the chasing was diverted by kicking the football away from his direction, it was all over for him. He himself carried a Xeroxed photocopy of the duplicate document cards leaving original at the rented room. While running in dark he exchanged the original parts of the document with his duplicated invalid copy and wrapped inside football and kicked it above to the stadium roof and escaped into his way. ROCHAIAH ran towards place where his owner had been waiting for these records. Looking with small eyes identifying BADRI in the bright floodlight was quiet difficult, but still ROCHAIAH managed to get near him as he runs towards the floodlights close to the stadium and was caught by policemen. Later, it was the blind belief of PRAKASHA that made him believe and return the theft with a tricky stunt and crime. As soon as the handcuff were about to be locked onto his hands POLICEMEN was called and informed not to arrest his son and to pardon four boys. PRAKASHA had informed his father SHIVANNA about the four boys and his father was familiar with those faces and finally they all met to conclude this story in original hands! 72 I'm a Liar SHIVANNA was the poohbah holding control over these family members for more than five years now. He has foremost identity among the most wanted. He was known for his bribery in the missing complaint. He paid all those police officers who underwent trial for missing compliant. They earned bags of money and were favored to not disclose his commitment of crime. The cops always loved to handle this case, not to solve the case and find evidences to prove it, but to hide those crime goons that SHIVANNA had maintained to cling the property of the owner. Bounce Back 73 2 Bounce Back It was two days after arrival; BALAN turned BALAIAH had spoken to the family a surprise is awaiting you. All the family members, who had not anticipated his surprise, had thought roughly that it would definitely be the golden sword! Sister's daughter who was few years old was keen on playing; BALAIAH saw the kid and started playing with the kid. BALAN was quiet obvious and confident. He showed no signs of clues, as he had put a radiantface to it. BALAIAH was confident for the words he had added onto the letter. This letter had the maneuver; ROCHAIAH had written this letter to his father on the eve of his appointment. BALAIAH had known about the arrival time of the four people along with their parents. In fact, BALAIAH also had given hint about the bon in the house. Even the mother did not understand his futuristic predictions. It was 10 hours 30 minutes, and the boss was not ready to speak to me. After, halfanhour he arrived to the usual living hall where mother, sister and today her husband were at home. The same old style of meeting the soninlaw had its course of greet. BALAIAH was too eager to know about the letter. It was the gem of pearl to the family! 74 I'm a Liar BALAIAH was thinking, "Till what time this man is doing this business talk?" When the time rang 11 hours, BALAIAH prepared mentally as his boss concluded the meeting to his appointees. Suddenly, the convoy of POLICE OFFICER with a redbeacon car at its centrestage rocked the housekeeper at the gate. BALAIAH rushed near the gate entrance to look for. A convoy of his son along with the few white privileged supreme cars entered inside the gate marking this incident a shine's brightest moment. BALAIAH= "I was shocked to believe that my ordinary son who did petty theft at local houses became a MAJOR GENERAL!" "Even when my wife ditched me 20 years back, I wasn't slackjawed this much" thought BALAIAH. His elegance had rocked the house. However, after few seconds, three other men walked out of the cars with success loomed onto their face! This followed by his wife and Dr. Suniana. "Oh my god, I'll resign voluntarily today." Said BALAIAH "She stepped her dreamland. She is a Doctor. Now I can speak to SAAKAMMA." With a proud feeling, said BALAIAH. BALAIAH walked inside the house to call the family to present this surprise. JACK identified his boss by his smell and started barking and licking his face. As the three members walked out, mother went to send JACK to his "home". As she came to pull JACK, she could recognize her son and hugged him with tears of joy and proudest to be mother of a farmer. For the first time after 20 years now, mother had laughed looking at her son. She presented her son to his father and sister. SHIVANNA, who had grown old to 50 years now, had felt blue. BALAIAH, removed his hat to feel for them, and now he felt the success as he could show his son the letter in SHIVANNA's hands. Bounce Back 75 SHIVANNA feels success in heart! His gratitude over to his son, who has stood up on his own platform has constructed his own legs to be firm in an uncertain today. Now, this house lived with lungs to breathe! But, after knowing each other and unwinding the hidden mysteries. SHIVANNA decides to presents his golden sword to the four young boys for their prosperity and success in life. After, he realizes that, VIJAY had informed him, BALAIAH had sold it for the sake of opulence. SHIVANNA, became fiercer and triggers shooting him to death leaving everybody to blindsided! 76 I'm a Liar Climax After blood shattered onto SHIVANNA's face, the mother collapses and is in apprehension. She feels that her family and house has not been stable since 20 years now. She felt if she wouldn't have lived, jailing her husband. She was at shocked at this small incident, which she wouldn't have even thought she would see herself into this and become a witness. Mother was at naive end of her husband SHIVANNA's activities of desire and bloodthirst. If she would know about her husband's illegal business, she wouldn't have survived to even speak a little about it! SHIVANNA now has no last resort to start absconding as the policemen had found this a chance to arrest him at the knees of his son. The cops tried to book him under criminal offences for charges of crime and conspiracy mainly and killing a person in addition. This would fetch him to not less than 10 years of imprisonment. He was sure about his confinement. SHIVANNA was not in a position to speak anything, as words were not framed in his mind to speak on what had happened. The mother had never anticipated seeing her husband facing charges for his desire of earning money throughout his 20 years but not losing faith over love towards son! SHIVANNA had not missed to see his son but saw his hands handcuffed. His face imploded to dullfaced look. His mind was greyclouded, eyes were half closed and Climax 77 black, tears slowly rolled over chin. For a moment, SFIIVANNA was straightfaced and doleful. Silence had made its way making through wind. Even those spiritless objects showed dull shadows, making the whole scene murky grey. The dog which was found barking at PRAKASFIA suddenly stopped and remained silent learning that the person who fed him for a week's time was killed by his boss. After 10 days, In the court before the judge and relatives friends of accused, SFIIVANNA confessed and making it a flag post marking his confinement into jail was never thought and aspired in his life. Revealing the whole history of crimes, he has committed for the sake of his son and family. He had also informed in his confession that the purpose of keeping another family in dark was not intentional but was to make my family live in wealth and prestige. He also freed the survivor and also brought back his son and never was able to live with them. The life of driver's wife, who had lived away from him, was all set to rejoin him never found him back! She found a daughter who was adopted by her. ROCHAIAH was heartbroken to the incident and had to finally end up living for his mom. 