ting) WEENERTHROBBER Yes, I know, an unfortunate name. Many have laughed and with good reason. When I arrived in America years ago as a child, my name was Veinershroeber but the man in charge of my case at Ellis Island thought it would be funny to change it to Weenerthrobber. Have to admit now that I understand English much better I see just how funny it is. I love seeing the expressions on people's faces when I tell them my name! It has provided me with great amusement over the years. Haha! Actually, now that that scandalous politician Mr. Anthony Weiner has arrived on the scene, I get less laughs. His name has taken center stage, he has been lifted up above me, his notoriety erected high, his reputation taller than my own, his ego is huge and fat! Hahahaha! But I regress when I should be getting a head of myself! Where is the case? JERRY "THE VISITORS" 11 There. (points to counter) Weenerthrobber moves towards the briefcase, and unlocks it, opens it, takes out a strange device. WEENERTHROBBER This is a Quantum Time Splitter. My own design. We inventors must make such things smaller and smaller, more portable, or the military industrial complex won't buy them. Whatever happened to it simply works? Now it has to be it works but it also fits in your back pocket. Small small small. And smaller yet. Ladies and gentlemen I have managed to split time and reality. This man here is the real Adolf Hitler. Brought forward from the past to the present. This is the fictitious Dorothy brought sideways from the imagination of L. Frank Baum himself but given flesh and blood by the actress Judy Garland. Real people can only move backwards and forwards in time. Dreams and imagination move side to side through time. We arrive at fantasy through acts of faith and imagination which can only be captured differently than we do physical people. We must capture thoughts by traveling through time¬ lines of the mind, using thought waves as the foundation for grabbing ideas from the mind and creating people from them. Its the best explanation I have. Sorry I can't be clearer than this. If you are confused join the club. I hired a computer programmer to make the final complex calculations. I am just as much in the dark as you are. Now they must return from where they came or we might experience some kind of deadly time paradox. KRAMER I'm sorry, could you please repeat what you just said? Starting with Hi. A portal appears. And like zombies the four step through it and are gone. The portal closes. WEENERTHROBBER You activated the device somehow. And you somehow had these people still in mind when the device became active. KRAMER I dropped it. By accident. JERRY I wasn't thinking of the Wizard of Oz. Were you? KRAMER No. GEORGE I was. Hillary Clinton. I was thinking she was the wicked witch of the west. ELAINE I'm melting. I'm melting. What did I do wrong? JERRY "THE VISITORS" 12 She would never say What did I do wrong. She would say What's happening? ELAINE Yes she would if she were a witch. KRAMER She is. She has strange power over all government agencies. They do her bidding. Same as the mass media. They are all under her witch's spell. WEENERTHROBBER Dropping the device can do the trick. I must fix that. You are lucky you did not not bring back jack the ripper. He might have killed you immediately. I must go now. JERRY You know that's not the kind of thing you should leave laying around. WEENERTHROBBER I am sorry for the trouble caused. Elaine That thing Is dangerous. What do you plan to do with it? WEENERTHROBBER Sell it to the highest bidder. I'll settle for a million dollars. KRAMER Its worth much more than that. WEENERTHROBBER Think so? KRAMER Oh yeah. With that thing you can open the greatest travel agency ever created. WEENERTHROBBER Sadly I am not a businessman. I am merely an inventor. But now that you mention it I do see the value in raising my price. KRAMER Why be poor when you can be super rich and live in a penthouse? WEENERTHROBBER I see your point. Who would want to live in a place like this, its a junkyard. JERRY Hey, I take offense to that. Why is everyone calling my place a junkyard? "THE VISITORS" 13 KRAMER Any chance I could see a little of those millions? WEENERTHROBBER You didn't do anything to earn anything from my device. KRAMER I proved it worked. WEENERTHROBBER I already proved that. I brought the Roman Emperor Augustus's wife, Livia, forward in time. 