I don't give a fuck about the clocks in cars and trains! Before he completely lost it, he wrote a manifesto on his bedroom door and a rhyming poem. Next to the poems was a printedoff essay by Trotsky. I'm so glad that fucker got an ice pick smashed into his head. It's just too bad that he didn't get assassinated sooner. Cement Dust Blues I got the cement dust blues It's like I'm practically dead I got the cement dust blues It's like I'm practically dead I would feel alive and well If I was back in bed I got punched in the stomach And cement dust got sucked up into my lungs I got punched in the stomach And cement dust got sucked up into my lungs My coughing fit was so violent I nearly bit off my tongue As the sun was coming up We watched a ship come in As the sun was coming up We watched a ship come in Now it's time to go back to work We have to shovel dust into a bin I was about to leave for the day When the boss requested I work overtime I was about to leave for the day When the boss requested I work overtime Somewhere in the world These kinds of hours must be a crime Cement dust got on my skin Holy shit, does it burn Cement dust got on my skin Holy shit, does it burn The area I've been assigned to clean up now Just makes my stomach churn Anywhere but this room would be great. This bread is tearing my guts apart. First Joni Mitchell, now Kurt Cobain ?? Next ?? Mold is flourishing underneath the drawers. My dog doesn't mind that his collar is twisted. My tooth hurts. Cavity? God, I hope not. Dying in bed weak numb, don't wanna go. Playing the music loud not loud enough. A biker rides by and nods. In his compound, Lydon LaRouche makes up bullshit. Open my eyes still dark out. A new day is here. I sat on the floor and cried. In The Undead Protest Though the pups were obsessed with chewing on my leg bones, the dogs I worked with were vastly better to be around than the old folks everyone else occupied themselves with for volunteer hours. I would also take a husky for a power walk on the trails each time I came over after school. Two men came looking for a dog to take with them to Canada and Alaska. I suggested the husky, telling them I called him White Fang. They weren't amused by the Jack London reference as much as I was. I then tried to convince them to adopt Cory, the resident blindanddeaf pug. I didn't tell them his handicaps until they waved their hands in front of him and whistled, only getting a snort for a response. After they left, I hung out with the cats. I sat on a chair and they gathered around, each taking turns hopping onto my lap. I tried not to think of the disturbed man who the manager said visited the shelter once and let the cats crawl all over him, mumbling about how much he loved them, arms outstretched in pure cationic bliss. Cory passed away before the new school year came around and I started volunteering again. The only place I knew where I could find some of his remains to pay respects to were mixed up with hundreds of other dogs and cats in the oven, floor, and walls of the Crematory. I looked at some dust on the window above the utility sink and ended that thought. The pups from before were gone, replaced with a new batch that weren't mature enough to bite through my jeans yet. I Don't Make Much Money I don't make much money from this job I work I mostly stand still all day 'till my body starts to hurt Now I know you'll say something snarky, and might act like a jerk But I don't make much money from this job that I work I don't exactly fancy this job I have to do But if I get fired, Lord knows that I'm screwed I won't have enough money for my apartment, heat, or food I don't make much money from this job that I do *Based on the tune of "I Ain't Got Nobody", first heard from Woody Guthrie I kiss her, she smiles. We kiss some more. An old friend walked by didn't say "hi". I shaved the beard saved the mustache. The sun is going down. Someday my poems and haikus will transform into songs. I might have to read in front of the class. Gas is slowly going back up. My dog is covered in mud. Took a shower feel refreshed. My girl is on a train to Arkansas. Which book should I choose? I must buy eggs later on. Corrected *Starts Jonathan Franzen novel* *Stops after twenty pages* *Tosses Jonathan Franzen novel in the trash* * Starts reading "The Return of Tarzan" by Edgar Rice Burroughs* *Can't put Edgar Rice Burroughs novel down* Leaked Lyrics From Lil Wayne's Upcoming Album Damn, bitch, motherfucker where the weed? If no kush is available, then pussy's all I need Every hoe wants to be a priest in Weezys creed They gotta to be baptized on the face with F Baby's holy seed The worlds greatest rapper, 2Pac in the sack Bitches call my dick Makaveli when it disappears into their twats Me and Birdman often role play, I'm the goon and he's the cop The only thing that's real is that I'm the bottom and he's the top The One Big Union is comig. Going through St. Johns on the way home. Jack Black was wrong: You CAN Win. A gentle breeze brings us pleasure. A kid says my dog looks like his Grandmas dog. Bought two gallons of milk and five orange pushups. Willi meet her today? To cross the street, we had to crush some flowers. I'll return the videos later. I trust capitalism as much as I trust communism. A beast broke into the blind and tore the installation There are too many ways to die. At The Warehouse One Afternoon The Capitalist is angry. I taught you all to work like machines, he says. Why are you acting like animals? Snitch Blues You probably already know that I got my eyes on you You probably already know that I got my eyes on you Well, you're not the only one I'm watching it's the entire crew I just adore the supervisor he's my bestest pal I jut adore the supervisor he's my bestest pal I love him even more than I do my gal I'm hoping you screw up so I can run and tattle I'm hoping you screw up so I can mn and tattle The boss will chew you out so hard it'll make your bones rattle I'm so happy now cause I got an extra day off (paid too!) I'm so happy now cause I got an extra day off (paid too!) They say this is a hard, hard job but for me it's not that rough Two robin's in a tree. This book is kinda newlooking. Punk, folk, blues... I sing them all. As I write this, innocent people are dying in Gaza. Ripley Street Station has been closed for years. "Michigan is one of the colder states." NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Me and a bartender the only people in the pool hall. I'm gonna earn fifty bucks tommorow. I wish God would reveal himself more often. All the cans I find are crushed. I catch a dandeline floating in the wind. My dog not very smooth around bitches. Misery Machine Whenever you get sad, lonely, and/or depressed, give me a ring. I will absorb all your darkness into my heart. I'm a wellbuilt Misery Machine. I can take it. Lonely on a Traverse City Night No clouds in the sky The stars are shining bright I'm lonely on a Traverse City night At the club, I guess I was just a hard sell No woman wanted to go back with me to my motel The cops are patrolling the streets Giving te drunks drivers a fright I'm lonely on a Traverse City Night Pulling into the motel, thinking about love Enter the room and look at the heartshaped hot tub Fill it up and strip down Relax and try to to forget about this round Try to forget about love And try to forget about being lonely on this Traverse City night Goal #1: Write 200 poems by 6/8/09. Yesterday my throat felt nasty. I need some war, then peace. "See ya later." "See ya." leaving South Side Willy' I kinda got my groove back. Writing makes me hot, sweaty, and itchy. Read Howard Zinn it's good for you. Depression the feeling I'm most familiar with. My hand is thawing out! The setting sun creates a shadow for me. End of summer colder days, shorter days. Haiku's can be utilized as notes. The Kitty Cat A cat from the neighbors house would come around whenever my brother and I were spending time out at our Grandparent's house. We would play and hang out with it, and fed it a bowl of milk. Dad and I started to head into the woods to hunt rabbit. The cat was chilling on a tree branch, watching us. "Get out of here! GET!!!" Dad yelled. The cat didn't budge. Dad lifted his gun and took aim. "NO DAD! DON'T!" I yelled. BOOM! He missed the cat, which jumped off the branch and made a run for it. Dad shot at it two more time while I pleaded with him to stop. He did stop, called it a "filthy cocksucker", and we went further into the woods. The cat continued to come around and we fed it mi lk. Poor Guy I saw a business man today, wearing some fancy clothes, I looked at my ragged jacket and said to myself "I wouldn't mind wearing some of those" I wouldn't mind wearing some of those, poor guy I wouldn't mind wearing some of those I would love to wear some fancy clothes but I'm sure you know how it goes. I peaked into an Italian restaurant and saw a family eating lunch I tossed some crackers into my mouth and listened to them crunch I listened to them crunch, poor guy I listened to them crunch Someone told me this would happen to me one day I remembered that as I munched I wasn't very long 'til I went to the shelter and asked if I could stay the night But the clerk showed me that the shelter was full and boy was it a sight Boy was it a sight, poor guy Boy, was it a sight I put my gloves and beanie back on and went back out into the night A truck driver picked me up and I could finally rest my thumb I melted into the warm truck seat while listening to the engine hum While listening the engine hum, poor guy while listening to the engine hum I'll probably continue my wandering ways until my life is done *Based on the tune "Poor Boy", first heard from Woody Guthrie I despise filling out applications. Fourth of July not feeling patriotic at all. The bartender taught me a trick. Shorts are tightergut is sticking out. June 22, 2008: George Carlin died. Getting another drink. Houghton Lake: Michigan's biggest inland lake (I think). I'm too fucking fat to stage dive. Sitting here, watching steam come off the pavement. "See ya, Rock I'm going out tonight!" South Side Willys I'm back home again. Our reflections are in the window. Waste Product I fully expect to see my heart floating in the toilet sometime soondirty, useless junk my body doesn't need. Paper Boy Jam Braving the projects, mean mugging the dogs Delivering the advertisers through the rain, shine, sleet, and fog Confronting all the crazies, from Delusional Debbie to Psycho Sam Giver that poor boy some credit, and do the Paper Boy Jam! Now that paper boy might just be a female And she has the exact same shit on her tail She's a fellow workera member of the damned Show her some love, and do the Paper Girl Jam! Paper boys and girls hitting up every porch Delivering so fast that the sidewalks end up scorched If only they got paid more, their job wouldn't be a sham Then they would engage in their very own jam! Hemingway had a mustache so did Rimbaud. Gonna go drinking tonight. Nearly 21 and I feel like a piece of shit. I'm covered in sweat. Let's write a pretty haiku don't be afraid of the paper. Sun shining on the puddles. The only class I enjoy is Creative Writing. So many songwriters to study. I gotta floss more often. 1015 more minutes to go. My pool game is off today. More job searching tommorow. Workplace Mindset Rag I wanted to be a writer since I was in the sixth grade.. .The styles occupations and goals have changed and continue to change but I'm pretty sure I've thought about writing more than I've actually done it.. .This past week at work I wrote a poem in my brain... It came in disjointed sections and they barely connected... I tried to put it together but these Legos just refused to be jammed together... I was making myself sick... I was selecting in the Blue Room jumping on and off the midrider jamming eight pages worth of clothes into four boxes... The part of my mind that was on autopilot was attempting to put the right labels on the right clothes... My day job brawling with my occupation... I got lightheaded hot and nauseous... I tried to stop thinking but all I did was slow down.. .1 breathed deeply and gulped water powering on through getting 90's and 100's on the rates.. .That first break came and I didn't write like I wanted.. .1 bought an Italian meatball sandwich and milk read the Perspectives page and went back to work no longer poetic but only partially submitted to the grind. The Rambling Wobbly I'm a rambling Wobbly And I've rambled all around Wherever workers are in need of help I'll be there on the ground I'll be there on the ground I was up in Grand Rapids protesting with the barista's one day When I met and fell in love with a beautiful union maid A beautiful union maid, maid, maid Union Maid She offered me some coffee, told me it was a must She took a hold of my hand and I started to blush I started to blush, blush, blush Started to blush I could never love a Republican, the reason I'll tell you why Never did meet a Republican whose every word wasn't a lie Whose every word wasn't a lie, lie, lie Wasn't a lie I could never love a Democrat, they're just the same I'd rather love a union maid and not feel any shame Not feel any shame, shame, shame Any shame The One Big Union's coming, it's coming up right quick The only question I have for you is 'which side will you pick?' Which side will you pick, pick, pick Will you pick *Based on the melody of the folk song "Gambling Man " (also known as "Roving Gambler"), via renditions by The Floorbirds and Woody Guthrie The giant metal toad is no longer with us. Fascists of all kinds can fuck off. It's -4 degrees this morning. I will not be walking the dog tonight. My dog drinks from a puddle. Some haikus are good, some are bad thats the way it is. Sitting in front of my old junior high, feeling good. "STOP! STOP! Don't shit in that guys yard!!!" I don't wanna die in Michigan. I can't get a job in Michigan. Damn! I made that shot?! Jack Black was right: You CAN'T Win. Some Names I've Written Down on the CheckIn Sheet at Michigan Works Woody Guthrie Satan Elvis Presley Gary Schuelke Jesus Christ Floyd Spicer Homeless Man Adolf Hitler A Poor Poet Joseph Stalin Joe Hill Ernest Hemingway Sonic the Hedgehog I Lost My Job I Wish I Was Rich I Need Money Poor Boy I Hate Capitalism Talking Job Search Blues I got up in the morning around eight o'clock I combed my hair and put on some socks I was so tired I felt like I was going to die I slapped myself and opened up the classifieds "I rather be back in my casketbe comfy and warm forever and ever. " Yesterday I was told There was a job available if I was bold Enough to work midnights as a gas station clerk There may be hardly any customers, but that's one of the perks "Went there and ask for an applicationthe woman behind the counter said the position had already been filled. " I went back home and spent some time Looking for a job online Some jobs have been posted for only one day From truck driver positions to internet surveys "I know from experience that all those surveys are scamsone company I emailed my resume to hasn't responded back yet. " I went to the pool hall that night to have a drink While listening to the jukebox I started to think That there might be jobs away from the Great Lakes I live in Michigan for goodness sakes! "Maybe I'll finally move to California, or go live in Canada. Their economy can i be worse than America, can it? ' Pool Room Diaries a title for a life story (?) Ms. Pac Man brings back great gaming memories. What kind of world am I growing old in? Someone staring at me I glare back. "Give me five more minutes, " she says. Sitting in the shade even without the sun. I'm not bored. Ants are crawling everywhere. Shooting hoops with Sexton not making any shots. I wanna do my report on the 1913 Massacre. Children's Literature should be fun. Visiting Alpena Community College during summer break. Knowing How to Frown Trust me on this: I have plenty of reasons to frown, and little solutions to turn them upside down. Killed a mosquito as soon as it pierced my skin. No sun in sightbut the heat is still around. Playing pool to lift my blues. Heavy eyes and growling stomach = American work life. No pool balls colliding, no ping pong balls bouncing. Yo, Bukowski, bet you can't handle this gig. I am that capitalist machine. ClickWhir. He's better at burning bridges than fighting his personal demons. Bigass fan: blows air, can't fly. He plays alone. I don't wanna join, he doesn't ask. No flap cap, no watch some hope, perhaps? Chicken and spaghetti for breakfast greetings, toilet. The Bare Flames We all read a story about a guy and his gang of penguins who only wanted to be happy. Our assignment was to create our own abridge version of the book, with illustrations. It wasn't in any way a happy time for me. It showed in my version of the book. It was the same story, but all the penguins drew were depicted as being dead (except the one scene where the man and penguins had to commit a burglarythey were vibrant and rocked stereotypical masks, beanies, and crow bars). The most iconic of my illustrations from that assignment was the ending. The man and his penguins are on a ship, about to sail away and live happily ever after. The man was smiling and waving. The penguins were on their backs, had X's for eyes, their tongues hanging out, and have wavy lines above them, indicating that they reeked and were, indeed, DEAD. I got an 'A', and a written comment that said my version was very creative. Writing underneath the lights, cameras, and wifi modems. 95%: my reward for two days of going H.A.M. A punching bag rests, waits, contemplating. Drinking, playing pool feeling like Kerouac. The cat lays underneath the car. I'm going on a journey see ya later. A hot summers day no bottled water. Two job interview out of the way. Like other dogs, mine is attracted to fire hydrants. Whoops! Made a mistake! Time is passing by slower than usual. Two more discs of Smallville Season 2 to go. The Silver Houdini Donovan wrapped himself around the bike he had ripped off. He bit down on the handle bars. The cops used that as their excuse to mace him. The first half of his night in the tank was spent sleeping. The second half was spent pacing around. He gargled water and, when he spit it on the floor, thought he felt something get loose. He yanked at each tooth. He swished and spit more water, and ran his tongue around until he was released. He called his Dad to come pick him up. They argued about the stolen bike. The topic changed when Donovan noticed they were going towards downtown. They argued about why he wasn't being brought to his Grandparent's house. Donovan's Dad stopped in front of the homeless shelter. Donovan got out and his Dad peeled away, leaning over to close the door when he was properly aligned on the road. Donovan skipped morning prayers and breakfast. He went back to where the bike was. It was gone, along with the chain he used to lock it to the tree. The marks in the dirt he made with his feet were still there, though the spot was now covered in leaves that he didn't remember being there when he first started trying to sell it to Brown Trout Festivalgoers. "Tangled Up In Blue" playing on the jukeboxperfect. My hands are still hurting. Shit! How could I miss that shot?! I murdered a spider today. Being taught again by a familiar teacher. I might get my first check this Saturday. Just so you know, I didn't vote. It's time to stop writing going home. These fucking cars emit terrible music. This heat is hell on my dog. A cat watches us pass by. A middle aged barfly flirted with me. One Dead I told the officers to back off. I had a gun and was ready to use it. I was going down, and I wasn't taking anyone else with me. 3:05 a.m. keep on reading. Thank God Hemingway was born. Everyone deserves to go see a movie. Walking to Ella White Elementary. The dead don't fall in love. Don't ask me about insanity depression, on the other hand... Somehow I kept my job hallelujah!!! Children's Literature a genre I should consider trying? Psychology has four goals. I almost sat on a screw. She is on my mind. My tires hardly have any traction. Some Choice I tried to crawl away. I felt the bullets enter my back. I then knew what Death had to offer over Life. Going to sleep in five minutes. Why was I born like this? Getting up at the crack of noon. I got the Haiku Blues. The temperature is killing my skin. The grocery cart crashes into the car. My dog sniffs around for something. Almost done with this song. Huge death tolls won't improve your image in the world. Thunder Dragon my favorite game at Lee's Miniature Golf. I often wish I could live my dogs life. I need to fuck and soon. Ant Bleach Holocaust They come in through the cracks in my walls and the space between my kitchen stove and sink, searching for those leftover bloody meat wrappers, or the plates that are covered in dried spaghetti sauce. Each time I see one or two or three, I hit them with a spray of bleach cleaner. The speed and force of the spray stuns and distorts. Within a minute's time, they stop moving, becoming dots on my wall and table. Agent Orange, I thought. This is what it was like when Americans and Vietnamese were doused in the forests and rice fields. I also think of mustard gas in World War I, and the various shit Saddam used to massacre the Kurds. More ants! And there's a huge black spider on my window! The bleach holocaust will continue, and this war will end whenever I decide to wash my dishes and take out the trash. "For the love of God, stop whining you mutt!" Going on a trip soon. The dog is no longer running. This class almost got cancelled. Time to go home. I pray that capitalism will die within my lifetime. Previous job lasted from July to December. The cmshed pop can is rusty. I just can't stop daydreaming about her. I will write a picture. Red spots cover my legs. A crow and seagull sit together side by side. Nice Thieves Jack Black, Francois Villon, and I broke into AHS and destroyed all the pop and candy machines and smashed the cash registers. We hit ACC and did the same thing. The cops arrived in the front while we snuck out the back. Villon shook our hands and ran into the woods (never to be heard from again). Black ran along with me, then wished me luck and jumped into the Thunder Bay river (I never saw him resurface and swim away). I was caught running down the railroad tracks with my share of the loot sticking out of my sweatshirt pocket. Even the most honorable of thieves will ditch you if the job fucks up. At least they were nice about it. I told my dog to relax. King of the Hill is now on Adult Swim. Jamie is now in this class. Gotta catch up to R.B. This teacher is alright, I guess. I applied for a job as a security guard. I found a penny on the pool table. The haiku virus has infected me again. My Holy Guardian Angel has yet to arrive. Heading home due to rain. Haven't written a haiku in a long time. The wind blows the snow every which way. All Around A Paris moon is better than a Michigan moon. Not quite a Tokyo moon, but superior to an American Moon. A A A Getting the blues in G.r" Trying to rejuvenate in T.C. My only hope is ChiTown. This Memo Book has eighty pages. Barista's of the world unite! One of my friends joined the Navy. I walk the dog without having wiped my ass properly. Haikus make excellent fuel for fires. I'll get my check next week. Today my teeth and gums are irritating me. I love Guttermouth again. My last class only has five people in it. Camping doesn't agree with my sinuses. Are all the hot barfly's out on vacation? Writing poems and haikus in class. A Plan I go out to the movies again, and your hand isn't holding one of mine. I wonder if this is part of some kind of plan, or if it just spontaneously happened. Hopefully Jack Kerouac can read this from Heaven/Nirvana. Crying made me feel good. Within me is a wolf. Woody Guthrie: still bound for glory. Two Jehovah Witnesses #1 I met her at Ground Zero's Halloween "Pimp and Ho's" party. It was hosted by Flavor Flav, who I remember only doing a bunch of crappy Ludacris covers. She was probably around my Moms age. She was short and chubby. She was dressed like a whore the oldest, most experienced whore around. The Ultimate Whore. I asked her to dance and we went out to the dance floor. While we danced and listened to Flav rap she told me a little about herself. "If my congregation finds out I'm here, they'll yell at me." "Why would they do that?" I asked. "Well, they did it last time when I went to a casino. They said I wasn't allowed to gamble or smoke." Flavor Flav announced the beginning of the "Best Ho's" competition. We stopped and watched the people line up. She told me she wanted to go up there but she still feared her congregation's reaction. "You're a Jehovah Witness, aren't you?" I asked. She shuddered and lowered her head. She went up (despite my claims that it was too late to enter) and, when ask by Flav why she was the best ho in the place, she proclaimed into the microphone, "Because I have the best ass in the entire club!" She turned around and started shaking her big, old, flabby ass. She got into the finals, but didn't win. Unfortunately, I didn't see her for the rest of the night. #2 I met her in my Foods and Health class. She often smiled and waved at me. I introduced myself during lab and we started hanging out. She was as tall as me, had short blond hair, and long legs. Awesome legs. She often wore short skirts and black leather high heel boots. One day, during a blood drive, she came in and told me that she felt insulted when someone asked her if she wanted to donate. She flashed a card in front of my eyes and said, "See this? This card shows that, if I'm in an accident, no one can give me a blood transfusion." I read it and said, "You're a Jehovah Witness, aren't you?" "Yes!" she said, smiling. We hung out and flirted with each other. Once I took her to lunch, where she talked about her job at the Bower's Harbor Inn and how she believed that it was once haunted not by a ghost, but a demon. One time the teacher and I were joking about the EvolutionIntelligent Design controversies when she butted in. She thought we were having a serious debate, and started arguing why Evolution was evil. My habit of singing to myself when bored ruined any possible relationship. She thought I was talking shit to her. "You got something to say to me? " she asked once, glaring daggers. "Not to you I don't" I shot back. We still talked in class, but afterwards she just kept on talking about this muscular jock guy who was in her yoga class. *** Now, whenever Jehovah Witnesses come to my door, I just don't close the door or tell them "Sorry, but I'm an atheist and your god doesn't exist" anymore. I remember these two Jehovah Witnesses and think about the other few attractive, sexy, seductive Jehovah Witness women that are out there in the world. If more come along, I will welcome them, but I am looking for something fresh and new now. Female Mormons, here I come. Witness to Both Sides of Reality I saw someone survive today. That was on the street. I watched someone die by jumping in front of an oncoming subway. That was on the internet. Tweets Imagining Donald Trump as a moremainstream Lyndon LaRouche. Maturing as a drunk when you identify more with the characters in Cheers than you do with the characters in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. My futon kills fascists. Coming to terms with the fact that all you will have is fairweather friends. Intentionally wearing a union shirt while working a nonunion job at a unionized workplace. When depression refuses to evolve into existentialism. #PokemonGo tip: Scour your local crack house for all sorts of rocktype Pokemon! The awkwardness that follows an involuntary Bill Cosby impression. Cleaning hack: bomb everything with baking soda. Drake and Bill Cosby had the best sweaters of 2015. Spoiling other movies while pretending you're spoiling Star Wars. Anyone who uses the term "selfloathing" to describe someone they disagree with is a powerhungry hack. Repeating "Temporary Problem" to yourself. I hate the holidays more and more with each passing year. Angry about living an existence where dreams will never come true. Can't wait to get back to my empty room. When your teenage years were worse than the poppunk songs you loved at the time portrayed. Living a life without grown up emotions. That shitty 2007 computer animated Beowulf film would have been a blockbuster if it had starred Hulk Hogan. A horrible animebased rap song becomes your entrance music. Indulging in conspiracy theories. Navigating the landscape of your day job like you would a game of Duel Monsters. Too much nihilism for one week. The eternal quest to become unemotional. The desire to once again own a TracFone. Not caring that I'm a fat ass anymore because it's nearly winter. Longing for the JNCO jeans you wore in junior high. Listening to this videogame's metal soundtrack and dreaming of what it would have been like in the earlymid 2000's. Shopping at Trader Joe's in a Monsanto wind breaker. Seeing yourself in the mirror and realizing that you look like a countryrapper. Trump going hard to show that it's cool that he's human garbage. #GOPDebate Wish I had cable so I could wallow in my inner nihilism #GOPDebate White activists who think they're cool when they call people of color they don't like "tokens". Thanking God that you will die alone. You have more than earned this fedora. Kanye rapping over the Indiana Jones theme song. Drake rapping over the Doug theme song. Realizing, and then indulging, in the power that your resting bitch face gives you. It's hard, and it's redundant, but on the "dark" side, I'm keeping around the same hours as Batman and Dracula. Pissing in a water bottle, then squirting it on your grave. Craving an existential winter in Kalamazoo. I only feel fashionable in the winter Guy with an antiliberal bumper sticker vacationing in Saugatuck, MI. Regrowing my beard, just so I can once again experience the pleasure of a woman telling me she likes my "Daddy" look. Let's try to live without getting emotional for at least one day. I got plenty of reasons to smile. 